Heading: MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
Content: Between

Heading: INTELENET GLOBAL SERVICES PRIVATE LIMITED
Content: and

Heading: APRIA HEALTHCARE, INC.
Content: May 14, 2009 Note: Certain portions have been omitted from this Agreement in accordance with a request for confidential treatment submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Omitted information has been replaced with an asterisk. Omitted information has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Heading: MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
Content: THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT(this “Agreement”) is made and entered into this 14th day of May, 2009, and is effective as of May 14, 2009 (the “Effective Date”) by and betweenIntelenetGlobal Services Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Indian Companies Act 1956, with its registered office atIntelenetTowers, 1406-A/28, Mindspace,Malad(West), Mumbai—400 064, India (“Provider”) and Apria Healthcare, Inc., a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, with office at 26220 Enterprise Court, Lake Forest, CA 92630 (“Customer”). Provider and Customer also may be referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties.” WHEREAS, Customer desires to outsource to Provider certain services that are currently performed by Customer personnel; WHEREAS, Provider, which is in the business of providing, among other services, customer contactcenterand back-office transaction processing services, desires to provide such services to Customer upon the terms and conditions provided herein; and WHEREAS, the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement to set forth the terms and conditions that will govern Provider’s provision of the Services to Customer. THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, upon the general terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and intending to be legally bound, the Parties hereto agree as follows:  1.

Heading: DEFINITIONS
Content: 1.1 Unless and except to the extent otherwise defined in the relevant provisions of the Agreement or any SOW, all capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to them below (equally applicable for singular and plural forms of the terms defined): “Account Manager”has the meaning provided in Section 5.3 hereof. “Administrative Manuals”shall mean the manuals developed by Customer in consultation with Provider and periodically amended, which manuals set forth the policies and procedures for the provision of the Services under the applicable SOWs and the operational policies and procedures to implement this Agreement, including without limitation, utilization management, quality assurance, billing, service delivery, account management, reporting, and other operational requirements. “Affiliates”of a Party shall mean any entity that is controlled by, in control of or under common control with such Party. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with”) means the possession, direct or indirect, of the power to direct or  cause the direction of the management and policies of a Party, whether through ownership of voting securities or otherwise. “Agreement” means this Master Services Agreement, including all Annexures, Statements of Work and Schedules hereto. “Annexures” means the annexures referenced in, appended to and made a part of this Agreement. “Applicable Taxes”, “Income Taxes” and “Ad Valorem Taxes” have the meanings provided in Section 15.6 hereof. “Authorized Representativeof a Party means (a) as to Customer, its Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Revenue Management or Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, and (b) as to Provider, its Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Head Legal or Chief Marketing Officer. “BAA” means that certain HIPAA Business Associate Agreement, effective as of February 1, 2009, between Provider and Customer. “Business Days”means the Customer days of operation, excluding weekends and holidays, in the State of California, United States of America, unless otherwise specified in a SOW. “Change” has the meaning provided in Section 4.5 hereof. “Change Order” has the meaning provided in Section 4.5 hereof. “Competitor” means any of the persons or entities specified inSchedule 25.1hereof or any Affiliate of such person. “Confidential Information” has the meaning provided in Section 14.1 hereof. “Controlled Migration Period” has the meaning provided in Section 22.3.2 hereof. “Customer Data” means all information, whether or not Confidential Information, entered in Software or Equipment by or on behalf of Customer or Provider and information derived from such information, including as stored in or processed through the Equipment or Software. “Customer Default” has the meaning provided in Section 22.1.2 hereof. “Customer Marks” means the Marks of Customer, its Affiliates and/or its licensors. “Customer Property” means all existing and future proprietary materials (including Intellectual Property relating thereto) and other Confidential Information of Customer including without limitation: any and all compositions,  articles of manufacture, processes, apparatus; know-how, data, writings, drawings and all other works of authorship (including without limitation software, protocols, program codes,audiovisualeffects created by program code, and documentation related thereto), mask works, other tangible items (including, without limitation, materials, samples, components, tools and operating devices), any business or technical information; and any deliverable, business or technical information, ideas, inventions, innovations or developments conceived, developed or made by Provider pursuant to or in connection with (i) a letter of engagement between the Parties in anticipation of and as a prelude to this Agreement or (ii) this Agreement. “Customer Software” means those certain proprietary software applications owned or licensed by Customer and made available for use by Provider in order to perform the Services as specifically identified onSchedule 1.1hereto or in a SOW and as either may be amended by Customer from time to time with respect to such Customer Software. “De Facto Termination for Convenience” has the meaning provided in Section 3.3.3 hereof. “Deferral Period” has the meaning provided in Section 22.3.1 hereof. “Direct” / “Directed” / “Directing” / “Directions” means written instructions by Customer to Provider on how to perform a particular task or as described in a SOW or Change Order. “Dispute” has the meaning provided in Section 24.1 hereof. “Equipment” means the computer, telecommunications and all other equipment (without regard to the entity owning or leasing such equipment) used by Provider to provide the Services. Equipment includes, without limitation, the following: (i) computer equipment, including associated attachments, features, accessories, peripheral devices, front end devices, and other computer equipment, and including direct access storage devices (“DASD”); and (ii) telecommunications equipment, including all networking, multiplexors, modems, CSUs/DSUs, hubs, bridges, routers, switches, printers and other telecommunications equipment. “Excluded Party” means a person who has been debarred, suspended or otherwise become ineligible to participate as a supplier, provider, contractor or other participant in any one or more United Statesfederal programs. For reference purposes, the list of Excluded Parties can be found at https://www.epls.gov/, as such may be updated from time to time. “Extended Term” has the meaning provided in Section 3.1.2 hereof. “Force Majeure Event” has the meaning provided in Section 21.1 hereof. “FTE” means a Provider Personnel working on a full-time basis (i.e. at least 7.5 hours of logged on time) or the equivalent thereof.  “HIPAA” has the meaning provided in Section 17.3.3 hereof. “Initial Term” has the meaning provided in Section 3.1.1 hereof. “Governance Board” means a committee composed of one representative of each of Customer and Provider, as described in Article 5 of this Agreement. “Intellectual Property Rights” means all of the rights with respect to patents, patent applications, patent disclosures and inventions (whether or not patentable and whether or not reduced to practice) and any reissue, continuation, continuation-in-part, revision, extension orreexaminationthereof; Marks together with all goodwill associated therewith, including, without limitation, all translations, adaptations, derivatives and combinations of the foregoing, and registrations, applications and renewals related thereto; copyrights and copyrightable works; mask rights, and proprietary know-how; and all registrations, applications and renewals for any of the foregoing; trade secrets; other intellectual property rights; and all copies and tangible embodiments of the foregoing (in whatever form or medium). “Joint Steering Committee” or “JSC” means a committee composed of an equal number of representatives of Customer and Provider, as described in Article 5 of this Agreement. “Key Provider Personnel” has the meaning provided in Section 12.1.1 hereof. “Key Provider Positions” has the meaning provided in Section 12.1.1 hereof. “Licensed Software” means any software licensed by Customer and made available for use by Provider in order to perform the Services, including, but not limited to, any software contained in, delivered with, utilized by or comprising any Product, as specifically identified onSchedule 1.1hereto or in a SOW and as either may be amended by Customer from time to time with respect to such Licensed Software. “Major Increase” has the meaning provided in Section 3.3.4 hereof. “Marks” means trademarks, service marks, trade names, service names, insignia, internet domain names, logos and corporate names. “Medicaid” means that certain means-tested entitlement program under Title XIX of the Social Security Act that provides U.S. federal grants to states for medical assistance based on specific eligibility criteria. (Social Security Act of 1965, Title XIX, P.L. 89-87 as amended; 42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.) “Medicaid Regulations” means, collectively: (i) all U.S. federal statutes (whether set forth in Title XIX of the Social Security Act of elsewhere) affecting the medical assistance program established by Title XIX of the Social Security Act and any statutes succeeding thereto; (ii) all applicable provisions of all U.S. federal rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all governmental authorities  promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (i) above; (iii) all U.S. federal administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of all governmental authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes and provisions described in clauses (i) and (ii) above; and (iv) all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals and orders of all governmental authorities promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (i) above and all state administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines of all governmental authorities having the force of law promulgated pursuant to or in connection with the statutes described in clause (i) above, in each case as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. “Medicare” means that certain U.S. government-sponsored entitlement program under Title XVIII of the Social Security Act that provides for a health insurance system for eligible elderly and disabled individuals. (Social Security Act of 1965, Title XVIII, P.L. 89-87 as amended; 42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). “Medicare Regulations” means, collectively, all U.S. federal statutes (whether set forth in title XVIII of the Social Security Act or elsewhere) affecting the health insurance program for the aged and together with all applicable provisions of all rules, regulations, manuals and orders and administrative, reimbursement and other guidelines having the force of law of all governmental authorities (including, without limitation, the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”), theCentersfor Medicare and Medicaid Services, the Office of the Inspector General for HHS, or any person succeeding to the functions of any of the foregoing) promulgated pursuant to “Minor Administrative Manual Practice or Procedure” has the meaning provided in Section 4.5.5 hereof. “Payor” means any third party entity or organization to which claims for payment or reimbursement are submitted in connection with the provision of health care services by Customer. “Performance Standards” has the meaning provided inSchedule 7.1hereto. “Planning Period” has the meaning provided inSchedule 4.2hereto. “Products” means those products, equipment and hardware provided by Customer to Provider in connection with Provider’s performance of the Services under this Agreement. “Products” shall also include the Licensed Software and the Customer Software. “Processing Norms” has the meaning provided in Section 6.2 hereof. “Provider Default” has the meaning provided in Section 22.1.1 hereof. “Provider Performance Default” has the meaning provided in Section 22.2 hereof.  “Provider Facility” has the meaning provided in Schedule 12.2 hereto. “Provider Marks” means the Marks of Provider, its Affiliates and/or its licensors. “Provider Personnel” means those employees, subcontractors or agents used by Provider in respect of, or in connection with, the Services to be rendered by Provider pursuant to this Agreement. “Provider Property” means all existing and future proprietary materials (including Intellectual Property relating thereto) and other Confidential Information of Provider, including without limitation: any and all compositions, articles of manufacture, processes, apparatus; know-how; data; writings, drawings and all other works of authorship (including without limitation software, protocols, program codes,audiovisualeffects created by program code, and documentation related thereto); mask works; other tangible items (including without limitation materials, samples, components, tools and operating devices), tools, processes, utilities, and methodology thereof used in the provision of Services; provided, however, Provider Property shall exclude any deliverable, business or technical information, ideas, inventions, innovations or developments conceived, developed or made by Provider pursuant to (i) a letter of engagement between the Parties in anticipation of and as a prelude to this Agreement, (ii) this Agreement or any SOW. “Provider Software” means all software used by Provider in providing the Services, other than Customer Software and Licensed Software. “Ramp Up Period” has the meaning provided inSchedule 4.2hereto. “Relief Event” means, as further provided in Section 22.9 below, any failure by Customer to perform an obligatory act or task, which failure does not constitute a breach by Customer or a Customer Default but does relieve Provider of its performance obligations under this Agreement to the extent and for so long as and to the extent such failure renders Provider to be unable or impairs Provider’s ability to perform the affected Services. “Restricted Party” means any individual or entity identified on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons list (“SDN List”) administered by the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) or any similar lists maintained by other countries as applicable to this Agreement. For reference purposes, OFAC’s SDN List can be found at: http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn /index.html, as such may be updated from time to time. “RU Commencement Date” has the meaning provided inSchedule 4.2hereto. “RU Rates” has the meaning provided in Section 15.4 hereof.  “Schedules” means the schedules referenced in, appended to and made a part of this Agreement. “Service Levels” has the meaning provided inSchedule 7.1hereto. “Service Recipients” has the meaning provided in Section 4.6.1 hereof. “Services” means the services, functions and responsibilities to be provided by Provider as described in the SOWS, as they may be modified, replaced or supplemented in accordance with this Agreement. “Significant Cost Increase” shall be deemed to have been incurred by Provider if *. “SLA Bonuses” means the service level bonuses that are assessed under the service level provisions contained in each SOW. “SLA Credits” means the service level credits that are assessed under the service level provisions contained in each SOW. “Software” means Customer Software, Provider Software and Licensed Software unless a more specific reference is required. “SOW Effective Date” has the meaning provided inSchedule 4.2hereto. “SOW Term” has the meaning provided in Section 3.2 hereof. “SS Commencement Date” has the meaning provided inSchedule 4.2hereto. “SS Rate” has the meaning provided in Section 15.4 hereof. “Statement of Work” or “SOW” means each document described as a statement of work, a sample form of which is included asAnnexure 1to this Agreement, which shall govern the specific Services to be performed by Provider under this Agreement and the terms thereof. “Steady State Implementation Order” or “SSIO” means the Change Order to a SOW that sets out the supplementary or revised terms under which Provider will provide a Service during the Steady State Period of such Service. “Steady State Period” means, with respect to each SOW, the period that commences after the end of the Ramp Up Period as provided inSchedule 4.2and in each SOW. “Term” means, individually and collectively, the Initial Term and any Extended Term. “Terminated Services” has the meaning provided in Section 3.3.1 hereof.  “Termination for Convenience Effective Date” has the meaning provided in Section 3.3 hereof. “Termination for Convenience Fee” has the meaning provided in Section 3.3 hereof. “U.S. Business Hours” means 8:30 a.m. until 8:30 p.m. Eastern Standard (or Daylight if then in effect) Time in the United States, unless otherwise specified in a SOW.  2.

Heading: AGREEMENT AND SOW
Content: 2.1 Agreement This Agreement contains the general contractual terms and conditions applicable to the Services to be provided by Provider to Customer.  2.2 Statement of Work (SOW)  2.2.1 The Parties shall, from time to time during the Term of this Agreement, enter into individual SOWs to govern the specific Services to be performed by Provider under this Agreement and the terms hereof.  2.2.2 The JSC will determine the content of each SOW in accordance with the terms set forthin Schedules 4.2, 7.1 and 15.1. Each SOW shall be executed by an Authorized Representative of each of Customer and Provider. Each SOW shall, upon full execution thereof, be deemed to be a part of this Agreement and governed by the provisions hereof and the additional provisions set forth in such Statement of Work.  3.

Heading: TERM
Content: 3.1 Term of this Agreement  3.1.1 This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, for a period of seven (7) years (the “Initial Term”). Unless otherwise provided, the termination or expiration of a Statement of Work shall not automatically terminate this Agreement, but the termination or expiration of this Agreement shallautomatically terminate all Statements of Work. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in accordance with Section 26.18 below, any obligation undertaken hereunder by either Party that, by its nature or its terms, is intended to extend beyond the Term shall survive the termination hereof.  3.1.2 Should a Party wish to continue this Agreement after the Initial Term or the then existing Term, such Party shall give the other Party a request in writing to renew this Agreement no later than seven (7) months prior to the expiration of Initial Term or the then-existing Term, as the case may be. Upon receipt of such request   to extend the Term of the Agreement, the other Party shall have thirty (30) days in which to accept, in writing, such request for extension. A failure to accept such request within the specified period shall be deemed to be a rejection, in which case neither Party shall have any obligation to negotiate any type of extension of the Term of this Agreement. If the other Party accepts an extension request, the Parties will thereafter negotiate in good faith the terms and conditions that will apply during the extended term (each an “Extended Term”) with a goal of reaching mutual agreement at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-existing Term.  3.2 Term of Statement of Work Each SOW shall set forth the applicable term for the SOW (each, a “SOW Term”), which SOW Term shall continue for the Term of this Agreement unless the Parties mutually agree in writing otherwise, except that all SOWs, unless sooner terminated, shall terminate at the expiration or termination of the Term of this Agreement.  3.3 Termination For Convenience Customer may terminate this Agreement, in whole or in part as to any SOW or portion thereof, for convenience and without cause at any time by giving Provider at least * prior written notice designating the termination date (the “Termination for Convenience Effective Date”), in which event this Agreement or the relevant SOW (or portion thereof) shall terminate as if the date so specified were the originally scheduled date of termination. In the event that a purported termination for cause by Customer under Section 22.1 is determined by a competent authority not to be properly a termination for cause, then such termination by Customer shall be deemed to be a termination for convenience with adequate prior notice under this Section 3.3. In the event of a termination by Customer for convenience pursuant to this Section 3.3, then Customer shall pay to Provider a termination fee, for each SOW or portion thereof so terminated under Section 3.3, determined as follows (the “Termination for Convenience Fee”):  3.3.1 In the event that the Customer-designated Termination for Convenience Effective Date takes place before the end of * set forth in each SOW or portion thereof so terminated under Section 3.3 for the Service(s) that are the subject of Customer’s termination for convenience notice (the “Terminated Services”) then the Termination for Convenience Fee shall be equal to the amount of fees Customer paid or has become obligated to pay to Provider for those Terminated Services under the Agreement for the * period immediately preceding the Termination for Convenience Effective Date;provided,however, that if Customer has paid or become obligated to pay less than * of fees immediately preceding the Termination for Convenience Effective Date, then the Termination for Convenience Fee shall be equal to the aggregate amount of fees that Customer paid or became obligated to pay to Provider for those Terminated Services as to each * for which fees were paid or became payable for the * after the relevant SS Commencement Date plus a projected amount based on the average * amount of the fees paid or payable for the * during the period when fees were in fact paid for   each additional * necessary to bring the total number of * for which the Termination for Convenience Fee is paid to *.  3.3.2 The number of * for which the Termination for Convenience Fee described in Section 3.3.1 above shall be payable shall decrease by * and on each successive * of the relevant SS Commencement Date after a Termination for Convenience Effective Date takes place. For example, if a Customer-designated Termination for Convenience Effective Date takes place between the * of the relevant SS Commencement Date, then the Termination for Convenience Fee shall be equal to the amount of fees Customer paid or became obligated to pay to Provider for the Terminated Services under the Agreement during the * immediately preceding the applicable Termination for Convenience Effective Date, and, if the Termination for Convenience Effective Date takes place between the * of the relevant SS Commencement Date, then the Termination for Convenience Fee shall be equal to the amount offees Customer paid or became obligated to pay to Provider for the Terminated Services under the Agreement during the * immediately preceding the Termination for Convenience Effective Date, with the * reductions to continue in a like manner, except that in no event shall the Termination for Convenience Fee be less than * fees paid or payable by Customer to Provider, irrespective of the Termination for Convenience Effective Date.  3.3.3 In the event of a De Facto Termination for Convenience (as such term is defined below) by Customer, Customer shall pay a Termination for Convenience Fee based on when the Termination for Convenience Effective Date takes place as provided in Sections 3.3.1 through 3.3.2 above only for the average * shortfall of those Services or category of Services under a given SOW that are considered to have suffered a De Facto Termination for Convenience (i.e., the volume of Services terminated beyond the * threshold described below). For purposes of this Section 3.3.3, a “De Facto Termination for Convenience” means a sustained decrease over each of * following the SS Commencement Date in the volume of one or more Services under a given SOW for which Customer is obligated to pay (based on the number of transactions available for Provider to perform) that is greater than * of the * average of the same over the * immediately preceding the period of decreased volume. For example, if the * average volume of transactions during months * following the * of the relevant SS Commencement Date is * transactions and the volume of transactions that Customer makes available to Provider to perform during months * is *, respectively, then Customer shall be deemed to have committed a De Facto Termination for Convenience for exceeding the * variance threshold of * transactions (* % of *) for * and shall be obligated to pay Provider a Termination for Convenience Fee equal to * worth of fees associated with the average * shortfall of * transactions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, under no circumstances shall Customer be deemed to have committed a De Facto Termination for Convenience if Provider is otherwise able to redeploy the Provider Personnel who would otherwise have been idled by the shortfall in volume of Services required to perform other Services on behalf of Customer. In addition, for purposes of clarification and to avoid any misunderstanding, any portion of a Service for which Customer is obligated to pay (even if such Service   is not utilized) shall not constitute a shortfall and applied in determining whether the * variance threshold has been exceeded or the amount of the Termination for Convenience Fee for a De Facto Termination for Convenience.  3.3.4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 3.3, in the event that in any * during the Initial Term, Customer demands, and Provider meets such demand for, a Major Increase (as such Term is defined below) in Services, then the formula for determining the applicable Termination for Convenience Fee shall “reset” and revert to the amount specified in Section 3.3.1, as may be subsequently reduced by * fees for the Terminated Service each year thereafter as provided in Section 3.3.2. For purposes of this Section 3.3.4, a “Major Increase” means a sustained increase in the volume of a Service demanded by Customer after the relevant SS Commencement Date during each of * that is greater than * of the * average over the * immediately preceding the period of increased volume, which increase requires Provider to incur additional capital costs and/or enter into additional binding commitments in order to meet Customer’s demands that, in aggregate, exceed by more than * the pre-existing costs or commitments incurred by Provider immediately prior to Customer’s demand for such Major Increase.  4.

Heading: SERVICES
Content: 4.1 Provision of Services Provider will provide to Customer, and Customer will receive from Provider, the Services specified in this Agreement and the Statements of Work.  4.2 Implementation and Commencement of Services The Services will be implemented and will commence in accordance with the terms set forth onSchedule 4.2attached hereto and the applicable SOW.  4.3 Implied Services If any services, functions or responsibilities not specifically described in this Agreement are required for the proper performance and provision of the Services, they shall be deemed to be implied by and included within the scope of the Services to the same extent and in the same manner as if specifically described in this Agreement; provided, however, if such Implied Services will cause Provider to incur a Significant CostIncrease, then Provider shall be entitled to submit a written request to the JSC and/or the Governance Board for Customer to provide additional compensation to Provider for such additional costs. Failure by Provider to submit such written request prior to its incurring such additional costs shall constitute a waiver by Provider of its right to seek additional compensation therefor. If the JSC and the Governance Board fail to agree on the resolution of such request, then it may be submitted to dispute resolution in accordance with Article 24 of this Agreement.  4.4 Resources Generally  Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, Provider shall be responsible for providing all of the resources necessary to provide the Services, including, without limitation, facilities, personnel, software and equipment. In this regard, Provider shall maintain the Equipment and Software used to provide the Services, including (a) maintaining Equipment in good operating condition; (b) undertaking repairs and preventive maintenance on Equipment in accordance with the applicable Equipment manufacturer’s recommendations; and (c) performing Software maintenance, other than with respect to Customer Software maintained by Customer, in accordance with the applicable Software vendor’s documentation and recommendations. Further, Provider agrees to maintain the compatibility of the Equipment, Provider Software, Licensed Software, and other technologies used by Provider in performing the Services (and for which Provider is responsible) with those used by Customer in order for Provider to provide, and Customer to utilize, the Services.  4.5 Changes  4.5.1 Either Party may request a change in or addition to the scope, processes, service levels, service recipients, implementation plan or other changes to a SOW (each, a “Change”), but except as provided in Section 4.5.3, no Change shall be effective and binding unless such Change has been documented in a written change of control document and signed by an Authorized Representative of each Party (each, a “Change Order”). Each Change Order shall be substantially in the form contained inSchedule 4.5hereto, depending on the nature of the Change. If either Party desires to propose a Change, such Party shall deliver to the relevant Account Manager of the other Party a change request in writing, describing the Change(s) proposed. The Party receiving the request shall respond within ten (10) days following its receipt thereof. If the receiving Party is amenable to the change request, it shall notify the requesting Party, and the requesting Party shall submit a Change Order in draft form for the consideration and approval of the other Party. A Change Order shall include, among other items as appropriate, an estimate of additional or reduced charges to Customer, if applicable, any additional equipment or software or other material required to implement the Change and any expected impact on the project schedule or service-levels under the applicable SOW. Upon execution, including signature by an Authorized Representative of each Party, the Change Order shall become effective and the applicable SOW shall be deemed to have been amended by the Change Order. If the Parties are unable to agree on a Change, then the issue may be referred by the requesting Party to the JSC for resolution.  4.5.2 Without limiting the generality of Section 4.5.1 above, the Change Order procedures provided in Section 4.5.1 shall also apply to (i) any requested modification, amendment or alteration to any Administrative Manual practice or procedure that does not qualify as a Minor Administrative Manual Practice or Procedure, (ii) any acknowledgement of the achievement of a SOW milestone event (e.g. the RU Commencement Date and the SS Commencement Date) and (iii) any acknowledgement of the occurrence of an operational event that results in the assessment of a SLA Credit or SLA Bonus, as the case may be, or relieves   either Party of its obligations hereunder such as a Relief Event for a Force Majeure Event.  4.5.3 Any changes to the legal, regulatory or Payor contract requirements that Provider is required to meet pursuant to the terms of this Agreement shall not be dependent on the execution and approval of a Change Order and shall be effective upon the date of receipt by Provider of written notice thereof signed by an Authorized Representative of Customer, unless such written notice provides for a later effective date; provided that such changes shall still be reviewed and memorialized by the JSC in accordance with the Change Order procedures set forth in Section 4.5.1 above.  4.5.4 Any requested modification, amendment or alteration to any term of this Agreement shall be subject to the terms set forth in Section 26.15 below.  4.5.5 Notwithstanding Sections 4.5.1 and 4.5.2 above, the Parties’ designated Account Managers may jointly recommend approval of modifications, amendments or alterations to Minor Administrative Manual Practices or Procedures, which recommendations, if adopted, will take immediate effect; provided,however, that such modifications, amendments or alterations cannot and shall not amend or waive any provision of this Agreement or any portion hereof and the effectiveness of such modifications, amendments or alterations may be suspended or nullified by the JSC at any time. For purposes of this Section 4.5, a “Minor Administrative Manual Practice or Procedure” change shall mean a change that does not (i) significantly alter the existing work flow currently in process (i.e. the change does not have any impact on the productivity and average handling time of the process), (ii) alter existing technology currently deployed for the process, and (iii) have any impact on the number of resources (agents and/ or supervisors) required to run the process after the change—including additional resources that may be required to manage any associated regulatory or compliance related requirements that may be a result of such change. In addition, for the sake of clarity, operationally, a Minor Administrative Manual Practice or Procedure change should result in simple dissemination of information to Provider Personnel by either the supervisors and/ or trainers on the process floor, and should not require more than one (1) hour of additional training of such Provider Personnel.  4.5.6 For the avoidance of doubt, as noted in Section 4.5.2 above, any requested modification, amendment or alteration to any Administrative Manual practice or procedure other than as specified in Section 4.5.3 that does not qualify as a Minor Administrative Manual Practice or Procedure shall be required to follow the Change Order procedures set forth in this Section 4.5 and memorialized using the Change Order forms set out inSchedule 4.5hereto.  4.6 Recipients of Services  4.6.1 As of the Effective Date, Provider shall provide the Services to Customer, to Customer’s Affiliates, and on Customer’s behalf to those entities to whom and   under circumstances similar to those under which services similar to the Services were being provided immediately prior to the Effective Date (collectively “Service Recipients”);provided,however, that any Services provided to Customer’s Affiliates or entities designated by Customer shall be pursuant to a separate SOW that takes into account the additional costs, if any, associated with the provision of the Services to such third parties. At Customer’s option, Provider shall also perform the Services for the following, which, during such extended period of time as follows, shall be deemed to be “Service Recipients”, provided that such extended period shall not continue beyond the Term of this Agreement: (i) an entity which is an Affiliate of Customer shall continue to receive the Services for up to * (and longer if agreed by the Parties) after the date it ceases to be controlled by Customer; (ii) the purchaser of all or substantially all the assets of any line of business of Customer or its Affiliates shall continue to receive Services for up to * (and longer if agreed by the Parties) after the date of purchase, but only with respect to the business acquired. During the Term, Provider shall also provide the Services on Customer’s behalf to such other entities (e.g., doctors, hospitals, home care and home medical equipment companies, and other medical institutions) as Customer may designate from time to time. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, Customer may utilize the Services in support of or as part of Customer’s business operations and offerings, provided that if Customer requires use of the Services in connection with entities that are not Service Recipients and not Customer Affiliates and as a result Provider would incur additional costs to a third party (e.g., additional third party license fees) in an amount representing a Significant Cost Increase, then there will be an equitable adjustment to the charges to accommodate such costs as herein provided.  4.6.2 If Customer Directs Provider to provide the Services to an entity pursuant to Section 4.6.1(ii) above and such entity is a Competitor, then Customer shall be deemed to have waived Provider’s compliance with the non-competition obligations under Section 25 below solely with respect to the acquired business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a purchaser of all or substantially all the assets of any line of business of Customer or its Affiliates seeks to novate the applicable SOW, then Provider will negotiate such novation in good faith.  4.6.3 For purposes of this Agreement, (i) the Services provided to the entities referenced in this Section 4.6 shall be deemed to be Services provided to Customer and (ii) all references to “Customer” with respect to receipt of the Services shall be deemed to include the entities referenced in this Section 4.6.  5.

Heading: PROJECT AND CONTRACT MANAGEMENT
Content: 5.1 Governance Board  5.1.1 The Parties shall form a Governance Board to establish and resolve major policy decisions concerning operations under this Agreement, consider requests for Changes and any other matters relating to this Agreement, any SOW and the   operations of the Parties affected thereby which are not resolved by the JSC. The Governance Board shall be comprised of two representatives. One representative shall be designated by Provider and one representative shall be designated by Customer. Upon execution of this Agreement, the initial Customer Governance Board representative shall be *, and the initial Provider Governance Board representative shall be *, each of whom shall have full authority to act on behalf of Provider but collectively shall count as a single representative. Thereafter, each Party shall notify the other in writing as to changes in its appointee to the Governance Board. Each such appointee shall serve at the pleasure of the appointing Party. A Party may designate a substitute representative in the event that a designated representative is unable to attend or participate in a Governance Board meeting. All decisions of the Governance Board, whether reached by consensus or by the decision of the Customer representative on the Board as provided below, shall be final and binding upon the Parties.  5.1.2 The Governance Board shall convene in person or by electronic means as necessary, but no less than once every six (6) months, for purposes related to the administration of this Agreement and the Services provided hereunder, including oversight and monitoring of compliance with Performance Standards, promulgating and implementing necessary amendments to this Agreement or any SOW, resolution of disputes between the Parties that have reached impasse at the JSC level and other matters related to the administration of this Agreement. All meetings of the Governance Board shall be held during U.S. Business Hours on a Business Day as agreed by the Parties, or on no less than three (3) Business Days’ prior written notice if the Parties do not agree otherwise.  5.1.3 The Parties desire that decisions of the Governance Board be reached by consensus, if possible. However, if the members of the Governance Board are unable to agree, Customer’s representative on the Governance Board shall be entitled to make the determination on behalf of the Governance Board unilaterally and, if necessary, to amend this Agreement and any SOW accordingly and impose any policy or procedure subject only to the restrictions set forth in Section 5.1.4 below.  5.1.4 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5.1.3 above, Customer shall not be entitled to impose any amendment to this Agreement, policy or procedure which (i) would cause Provider to be in violation of any applicable law, regulation, or insurance requirement, any agreement entered into in good faith with a third party on an arm’s length basis for purposes not relating to the evasion of this Agreement, or any order of a court or other judicial body to which Provider is or may become subject, or (ii) would unreasonably interfere with Provider’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder. In addition, if any such action on Customer’s part is not provided for in this Agreement or in any applicable SOWs in effect immediately prior to such action, and such action would cause Provider to incur a Significant Cost Increase, then Provider shall be entitled to request the JSC and/or the Governance Board to determine whether Provider is entitled to any additional compensation for its additional costs. If the mattercan notbe resolved by the JSC   or Governance Board, then it may be submitted to dispute resolution in accordance with Article 24 of this Agreement.  5.2 Joint Steering Committee  5.2.1 The Parties shall form a JSC to facilitate communications between them and establish policies and procedures governing the operations of the Parties under this Agreement and any SOWs. The JSC shall be composed of a senior management representative of both Customer and Provider, and such other persons as may be mutually agreed by the Parties, with both Parties to be equally represented. The JSC shall provide general oversight and guidance to the Parties, including serving as the arbiter with respect to issues arising during and from meetings, committees, and work groups formed by the Parties (e.g., change request, reliability, service and performance issues). Upon execution of this Agreement, the initial Customer JSC representatives shall be *; and the initial Provider JSC representatives shall be *, as a non-voting representative. Thereafter, each Party shall notify the other in writing as to changes in its representatives to the JSC. Each such representative shall serve at the pleasure of the designating Party. A Party may (a) designate a substitute representative in the event that a designated representative is unable to participate in a JSC meeting and (b) assign the vote of a representative unable to attend a JSC meeting to a representative who is able to participate in that JSC meeting.  5.2.2 The JSC shall be responsible for overseeing day-to-day matters in connection with the Services, and shall report to, and be subject to the authority of, the Governance Board.  5.2.3 The JSC shall convene in person or by electronic means as necessary, but no less than quarterly (unless both Parties agree in writing that a particular quarterly meeting is unnecessary), to consider and address such implementation, administration and performance issues as they may deem appropriate, resolve requests for Changes pursuant to Section 4.5, coordinate the performance of each Party’s duties and obligations, and address any issues of common concern. The JSC shall notify the Governance Board of any issue which has or is likely to have significant impact, or be of major concern, or with regard to which the JSC has been unable to reach a decision. Either Customer or Provider may call for a special meeting of the JSC, and add any issue of concern to the committee agenda. The JSC shall maintain a record of the issues considered and any decisions reached, and such decisions, as appropriate, shall be set forth in consecutively numbered amendments or Change Orders to this Agreement or applicable SOWS, as appropriate. The JSC may designate one of its members to serve as the chairperson of the committee for purposes of maintaining records, calling and noticing meetings, and performing necessary administrative functions required by the committee.  5.2.4 Each Party’s designees to the JSC shall have the knowledge, authority, and responsibility in respect to the Services such as to enable the JSC to make   necessary and appropriate decisions to implement this Agreement and any SOW and to resolve any matters needing to be resolved at the operational level. Decisions of the JSC shall be made by the affirmative vote of no less than * of the total JSC members, with at least one affirmative vote being that of a representative of Customer and at least one affirmative vote being that of a representative of Provider. In the event that the JSC fails to resolve an issue, either Party may request that it be referred to the Governance Board for resolution.  5.3 Account Manager Each Party shall designate an “Account Manager” who shall be the principal point of contact between the Parties for all matters relating to Services provided under a particular SOW. Each SOW shall contain initial designation of an Account Manager for each Party. A Party may designate a new Account Manager by written notice to the other Party. Any changes in the Account Manager shall be notified to the other Party in advance. A Party may, in its sole discretion, designate the same individual as its Account Manager under more than one SOW.  5.4 Meetings and Reports During the Term, the Parties shall hold such meetings, and Provider shall deliver to Customer such reports as are described inSchedule 5.4hereto.  5.5 Policies and Procedures Provider shall perform all Services in accordance with the procedures set forth in Schedule 5.5 attached hereto or in the Administrative Manual, any policies or procedures adopted by the JSC or Governance Board and those listed in the applicable SOW.  6.

Heading: CUSTOMER’S OBLIGATIONS
Content: 6.1 Relief Event Customer acknowledges and agrees that there may be instances in which Provider will be unable to perform the Services without assistance from Customer. Consequently, Customer will provide to Provider, in a timely manner, such resources specified in each SOW, to enable Provider to perform the Services. Examples of such resources may include connectivity support, documentation, knowledge base, hardware, software, support personnel and trainers. Failure of Customer to provide any such assistance or resources specified in the applicable SOW will not constitute a breach by Customer or Customer Default but will merely be a Relief Event to the extent, and only for so long as, such failure persists and actually causes Provider to be unable or impairs Provider’s ability to provide the affected Services. Provider shall be obligated to perform any Services which are unaffected by such failure on the part of Customer, and Provider shall continue to provide even affected Services to the maximum extent that it is feasible to do so. Any resources not specifically identified in a SOW as Customer’s responsibility to obtain or provide shall be deemed to be Provider’s responsibility.  6.2 Processing Norms  Customer acknowledges and agrees that Provider is relying on the accuracy of the written information and Directions supplied by Customer, and other requirements specified by Customer in writing (cumulatively, the “Processing Norms”), to perform the Services. In the event the Processing Norms are not accurate or are found to be inadequate, the Party discovering such fact shall promptly notify the other Party of any such deficiency and the Parties shall cooperate with each other to remedy the situation in a timely manner. So long as Provider is not otherwise aware of or does not have any reason to believe the Processing Norms supplied by Customer are inaccurate or inadequate or, if Provider is aware of or has reason to believe the Processing Norms supplied by Customer are inaccurate or inadequate, notifies Customer in writing of such fact, Provider shall (i) be entitled to rely on and act in accordance with the Processing Norms, (ii) not incur any liability for claims, losses or damages that arise as a result of Provider’s compliance with the Processing Norms and (iii) be entitled to payment for its performance, and be excused from its poor performance or non-performance of, the Services, to the extent Provider’s performance is predominantly affected by such inaccurate Processing Norms supplied by Customer.  6.3 Use of Software Customer grants, or will arrange for third party licensors to grant, to Provider a limited, non-exclusive license to access and use the Customer Software and the Licensed Software in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth on Schedule 6.3 hereto, as they may be amended by Customer or the third party licensors from time to time solely in connection with the performance of Provider’s obligations under this Agreement and under any applicable SOW.  6.4 License to Use Marks Customer hereby grants to Provider a limited non-exclusive license to use Customer Marks solely in connection with the performance of Provider’s obligations under this Agreement, including the right to use Customer’s name over the telephone, the internet and in written materials in performing the Services. Such use of Customer Marks must conform to any written instructions provided by Customer to Provider in this regard, as may be further specified in the applicable SOW. Customer has the right to require Provider to furnish from time to time samples of Provider’s use of Customer Marks.  7.

Heading: PERFORMANCE STANDARDS AND SERVICE LEVELS
Content: The Parties will work together and extend their full cooperation in arriving at the performance standards and service levels for the Services to be performed under each Statement of Work in accordance with the standards developed underSchedule 4.2hereto and the terms set forth inSchedule 7.1hereto.  8.

Heading: BUSINESS CONTINUITY / DISASTER RECOVERY
Content: The Parties recognize that the Services are vital to Customer’s business and, therefore, it is of paramount importance to Customer that Provider’s provision of the Services remain continuous and disruption-free. In the event Provider’s provision of the Services is disrupted for any reason, it is of corresponding importance to Customer that they be restored rapidly and in a manner that minimizes the impact on Customer’s operations and business. Accordingly, Provider agrees to  undertake the business continuity / disaster recovery steps described below and inSchedule 8.1hereto.  8.1 Business Continuity Plan / Disaster Recovery Plan During the Term of this Agreement, Provider shall maintain the capabilities and follow the recovery strategies and other measures set forth in Provider’s standard Business Continuity Plan / Disaster Recovery Plan as attached hereto asSchedule 8.1. To the extent requested by Customer, the Parties will work together to modify or supplement such Plan as it pertains to the Services offered under a SOW and include such modified or supplementary plans in such SOW along with any incremental costs associated therewith. Any change to the Business Continuity Plan / Disaster Recovery Plan under any SOW shall be subject to review and approval by the Governance Board. All Business Continuity Plans / Disaster Recovery Plans shall, among other things, specify the alternative location or facility from which the said Services will be rendered.  8.2 Preparation of Personnel Provider shall familiarize all Provider Personnel with and train Key Provider Personnel in the recovery strategies and procedures set forth in the relevant Business Continuity Plan / Disaster Recovery Plan, particularly as they relate to disaster prevention measures, alternative means of operation and the notification process.  8.3 Disaster Recovery Sites If a Provider Facility becomes unavailable (and subject to the applicable disaster recovery provisions of this Agreement and the relevant SOW) or Provider’s ability to provide the Services therefrom is significantly impaired, it is contemplated that Provider will shift some or all of the work to the second Provider Facility from which the Service is provided. If an additional and temporary facility is required in order to provide the Services, the Parties agree that:  8.3.1 The charges payable by Customer for the Services provided from the temporary Provider Facility shall be at the same rate as if such Services were being provided prior to the disaster event at the originally planned Facility (i.e., as if such Services were being provided from the now-unavailable Provider Facility);  8.3.2 The Services shall be provided from the temporary Provider Facility only for such time as the recovery requires and until the original Provider Facility can be rendered fit for providing the Services; and  8.3.3 If the original Provider Facility is permanently unavailable, a permanent site shall be reasonably proposed by Provider and subject to Customer’s approval. Provider’s Disaster Recovery Plan shall specify the location of any back-up facilities.  9.

Heading: COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
Content: 9.1 General  Each Party shall perform its obligations in a manner that complies with all applicable federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations, ordinances and codes of the United States and India (including but not limited to the FTC “Red Flags Rules” relating to identity theft prevention as set forth in 16 C.F.R. Part 681), which compliance shall include identifying and procuring required permits, certificates, approvals and inspections. Provider shall be responsible for implementation of, and shall implement, all health care legal and regulatory mandates, including, without limitation, Medicaid Regulations and Medicare Regulations and Payor contract requirements relating to Provider’s performance hereunder, to the extent provided by and Directed by Customer. If a charge occurs of noncompliance of a Party with any such laws, regulations, ordinances or codes, the Party so charged shall promptly notify the other Party of such charges in writing.  9.2 Fraudulent Conduct or Ethical Violations  9.2.1 Provider shall post notices at the Provider Facilities notifying Provider Personnel of (i) their ongoing obligation to report immediately any fraudulent conduct or any violation or suspected violation of any ethical and/or regulatory requirements to the following website, www.ethicspoint.com, and (ii) that any reporting Personnel complying with such obligation will be protected from retribution of any kind;  9.2.2 Similarly, Provider shall have an affirmative duty to notify Customer promptly in writing if Provider becomes aware or otherwise has reason to believe that any such violation has occurred and to identify all Provider Personnel involved with such incident, even if Provider believes the situation has been corrected and/or has already taken all necessary corrective actions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Customer shall have the right to require Provider to immediately suspend or remove any such Provider Personnel from the provision of the Services to Customer; and  9.2.3 Provider shall take all necessary steps to protect any Provider Personnel who report fraudulent conduct or violations of ethical or regulatory requirements in accordance with Section 9.2.1 above from any direct or indirect harassment or retribution of any kind. Except with the prior written consent of Customer, Provider shall not disclose or attempt to determine or divulge the identity of any such Provider Personnel or attempt to investigate the alleged incident independently.  9.3 Failure to Comply with Requirements If Customer Directs Provider to perform the Services in a particular manner in order to comply with applicable regulatory or Payor contract requirements, and if Provider fails to so perform the Services in such manner, Customer may claim as damages, and Provider shall be responsible for, and indemnify Customer against, any and all fines, penalties, interest, and similar financial obligations levied against Customer for violations of suchrequirements, if and to the extent they result from Provider’s failure. Any such indemnification by Provider shall be in accordance with Section 18 below.  9.4 Maintenance of Authorizations, Registrations and Licenses Customer shall hold and maintain at all times during the term of this Agreement all licenses, consents, authorizations and registrations necessary for it to lawfully receive the Services in the country in which Customer operates; and Provider shall hold and maintain at all times during the term of this Agreement, and shall be responsible for ensuring that any Affiliates and/or contractors engaged by Provider hold and maintain at all such times, all licenses, consents, authorizations and registrations necessary for it to lawfully provide the Services from its offshore locations.  9.5 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Provider hereby represents, warrants and covenants that it shall comply with the requirements of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, U.S. and any other applicable foreign or domestic anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, and other laws governing improper payments. Specifically, Provider further represents, warrants, and covenants that, in connection with its activities under this Agreement, it will not offer, promise, authorize or otherwise act in furtherance or, or pay, anything of value, directly or indirectly, to a Government Official (as such term is hereinafter defined), or political party or party official, candidate for political office, or official of a public international organization. For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Government Official” shall mean and include any official or employee of national, local or provincial or state government department, agency, or instrumentality, as well as an official in the judicial, legislative, or military, anyone acting in an official capacity for any government, or any immediate family member of such persons. Any such offer, promise, authorization, act in furtherance, or payment shall constitute a Provider Default, extinguish any right to compensation that otherwise might be due and owing to Provider by Customer, and give rise to the right of Customer to recover any funds it has already paid to Provider.  9.5.1 Provider hereby represents that no owner or principal of Provider is a Government Official and hereby covenants to notify the Customer in writing if there is any change in respect of this representation.  9.5.2 Provider shall provide such information, reports and certifications as Customer may reasonably require from time to time hereunder as to its books, records and accounts pertaining to the Services, its compliance with the laws identified in this Section 9.5, and its compliance with other obligations under this Agreement.  9.6 OFAC Regulations In connection with the provision of Services under this Agreement, Provider’s use of subcontractors to the extent permitted in Section 10 of this Agreement and Provider’s hiring and employment of Provider Personnel, Provider represents and warrants that it shall not take any action involving a Restricted Party or that would cause Customer to be in non-compliance with OFAC’s economic sanctions regulations. For reference purposes, information on OFAC’s economic sanctions regulations are found at http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/.  10.

Heading: SUBCONTRACTING
Content: 10.1 Subcontracting Generally Provider shall not subcontract any portion of the Services to subcontractors without receiving the prior written consent of Customer, which consent may be withheld or conditioned by Customer in its sole discretion;provided,however, Customer’s prior written consent shall not be required if Provider chooses to subcontract the provision of the Services to its Affiliates, and Provider shall only be required to provide Customer with at least thirty (30) days prior written notice of any such subcontract. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, under no circumstances shall any subcontracting by Provider relieve Provider of any of its obligations under this Agreement.  10.2 Restricted/Excluded Party Provider shall not subcontract any portion of the Services to any person(s) (i) who is a Restricted Party, (ii) who is an Excluded Party; (iii) who is working for or otherwise affiliated with any Competitor; (iv) who is notexperienced or otherwise qualified to perform the Services that Provider seeks to subcontract; or (v) who is unwilling to comply with the terms of this Agreement.  10.3 Compliance with Agreement In the event that Provider subcontracts any portion of the Services to subcontractors pursuant to this Section 10, Provider hereby represents, warrants and covenants that it shall conduct appropriate due diligence processes in advance on such agents, subcontracts, or third-parties to determine in advance their suitability to abide by Section 9.5 of this Agreement, and that it shall by written agreement specifically require such subcontractors to abide by Section 9 and all other provisions applicable to Provider under this Agreement and any applicable SOW.  11.

Heading: CONDUCT
Content: 11.1 Other Party’s Premises Each Party will ensure that while on any premises of the other Party in connection with this Agreement, its employees, agents, subcontractors, and representatives, if any, will:  11.1.1 Make every reasonable effort to cause as little interference with and inconvenience to the business of the other Party as is reasonably possible, subject to such Party’s other obligations under this Agreement and each SOW;  11.1.2 At all times comply with the general safety and security rules applicable in the other Party’s premises; and  11.1.3 Conform to the other Party’s codes of staff and security practice provided that the other Party will have provided copies of such codes to the visiting Party’s employees, agents, subcontractors, or representatives.  11.2 Access to Records of Other Customers  Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, neither Customer nor any of its Affiliates, representatives, employees, agents, or auditors shall be entitled to inspect, or have access to, any information, documents, reports and/or materials of any nature whatsoever which relate to or contain information relating to any other customer of Provider to the extent Provider represents to Customer in writing that such inspection or access will cause Provider to be in breach of its confidentiality obligations to such other customer and proposes alternative arrangements reasonably satisfactory to Customer that will enable Customer to exercise all of its rights hereunder.  12.

Heading: PERSONNEL, FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT
Content: 12.1 Provider Personnel  12.1.1 Each Provider Personnel that is serving in a Key Provider Position (individually, a “Key Provider Personnel”) will be subject to the performance standards, qualification requirements and other terms set forth onSchedule 12.1.1. The “Key Provider Positions” shall be the positions set forth in such Schedule. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all Provider Personnel holding Key Provider Positions shall be dedicated solely to performing Services pursuant to this Agreement; provided, however, that Provider’s Account Manager may spend up to * of his business time on matters not related to provision of Services to Customer under this Agreement.  12.1.2 Provider shall abide by all applicable laws, treaties and regulations concerning its treatment of Provider Personnel and contractors and their work environment, including without limitation, such standards as provided by the International Labour Organization, and shall maintain decent and productive working conditions respecting the freedom, security and human dignity of all Provider Personnel and personnel of any contractors utilized by Provider in performing the Services. Schedule12.1.2hereto sets forth the qualifications, standards and other requirements applicable to all Provider Personnel. Provider shall consult and cooperate with Customer in order to address any situations involving poor interaction between Provider Personnel and Customer personnel or any customers or patients of Customer.  12.1.3 Provider shall ensure that it has sufficient Provider Personnel to perform the Services at all times, and shall maintain adequate staffing to quickly adjust to any increases or decreases in the volume of applicable work performed as part of the Services.  12.2 Facilities Provider shall cause the Services to be performed from a facility or a portion of a facility which is specifically dedicated to Provider’s provision of the Services.Schedule 12.2sets forth the requirements regarding facilities to be used by Provider in providing the Services.  12.3 Equipment  Provider shall only use Equipment in providing the Services that meets Customer’s specifications and is compatible with Customer’s equipment. Provider shall comply with the requirements set forth inSchedule 12.3regarding Equipment to be used by Provider in providing the Services.  12.4 Non-Solicitation During each SOW Term and for a period of one (1) year following the termination, cancellation or expiration thereof for any reason, except with the prior written consent of the other Party, (i) Provider agrees not to directly or indirectly entice, solicit, divert or hire, or attempt to entice, solicit, divert or hire, any person employed by Customer (whether or not such employee is a full-time, contractual or temporary employee, and whether or not its employment is pursuant to a written agreement, is for a determined period, or is terminable at will), and (ii) Customer agrees not to directly or indirectly entice, solicit, divert or hire, or attempt to entice, solicit, divert or hire, any person occupying, or who previously occupied, a Key Provider Position. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall have no obligations or restrictions under this Section 12.4 if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Sections 21 (Force Majeure), 22.1.1 (Provider Default) or 22.7 (Regulatory Change), and Provider shall have no obligations or restrictions under this Section 12.4 if this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 22.1.2 (Customer Default).  13.

Heading: PROPRIETARY RIGHTS
Content: 13.1 No Implied Transfer of Customer Property Customer shall retain all right, title and interest in the Customer Property, Customer Products, Customer Marks, its Confidential Information, and all its intellectual property rights thereto, supplied by Customer to Provider under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall effect a transfer of Customer’s intellectual property rights from Customer to Provider, or otherwise be construed to confer any license to Provider under such intellectual property rights, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.  13.2 No Implied Transfer of Provider Property Provider shall retain all right, title and interest in the Provider Property, Provider Marks, its Confidential Information, and all its intellectual property rights thereto, supplied by Provider to Customer under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement shall effect a transfer of Provider’s intellectual property rights from Provider to Customer, or otherwise be construed to confer any license to Customer under such intellectual property rights, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement.  13.3 New Intellectual Property The terms and conditions set forth on Schedule 13.3 attached hereto shall apply to any new intellectual property conceived, developed or created by Provider, its Affiliates, its subcontractors, or any of their respective employees, during the Term.  13.4 Residual Rights  Each Party acknowledges that, subject to the confidentiality provisions of this Agreement, the other Party and its employees may utilize for any purposes any information in non-tangible form that is or may be retained in the personal memory by persons who have performed Services hereunder or otherwise have access to the Confidential Information of the other Party, including ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained therein. Nothing contained in this clause shall relieve either Party of its confidentiality obligations with respect to the proprietary and Confidential Information or material of the other Party.  13.5 Third Party Materials and Payor Websites Unless stated otherwise in the applicable SOW, Provider shall be responsible for obtaining appropriate licenses for any third-party products or materials to be provided or used in connection with the Services under a SOW and for paying the applicable license fees. Provider shall also be responsible for complying with all registration and other access and use requirements of Payor websites that Provider will need to access in order to perform certain of the Services. To the extent Provider incurs incidental costs in connection with such compliance efforts, Customer shall reimburse Provider for such costs as may be mutually agreed between the Parties. Customer will render reasonable assistance to Provider in connection with such compliance efforts as necessary.  14.

Heading: CONFIDENTIALITY
Content: 14.1 Confidential Information. Provider and Customer each acknowledge that they may be furnished with, receive or otherwise have access to information of or concerning the other Party which such Party considers to be confidential. As used in this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all information, in any form, furnished or made available directly or indirectly by one Party, or to which either Party gains access in the course of or incidental to the performance of this Agreement, and that should reasonably have been understood by the recipient (because of legends or other markings, the circumstances of disclosure, or the nature of the information itself) to be confidential to the disclosing Party, an Affiliate of the disclosing Party, or a third party. The terms and conditions of this Agreement and all SOWs shall be deemed Confidential Information. Confidential Information also shall include, whether or not designated “Confidential Information,” (i) Customer Data; (ii) the specifications, designs, documents, correspondence, software, documentation, data and other materials and work products produced by or for either Party under this Agreement; (iii) all information concerning the operations, affairs and businesses of the other Party, the financial affairs of the other Party, and the relations of the other Party with its customers, patients, referral sources, employees, providers, subscribers, business partners, vendors, consultants, brokers and service providers (including customer lists, customer information, account information and consumer markets); (iv) Software provided to a Party by or through the other Party; (v) Protected Health Information; and (vi) other information or data stored on magnetic media or otherwise or communicated orally, and obtained, received, transmitted, processed, stored, archived or maintained by either Party under this Agreement.  14.2 Obligations  Subject toSchedule 14.5:  14.2.1 Customer and Provider shall each use at least the same degree of care as it employs to avoid unauthorized disclosure of its own information, but in any event no less than commercially reasonable efforts, to prevent disclosing to unauthorized parties the Confidential Information of the other Party, provided that Provider may disclose such information (except for the terms and conditions of this Agreement) to properly authorized subcontractors as and to the extent necessary for performance of the Services, and Customer may disclose such information (except for the terms and conditions of this Agreement) to third parties as and to the extent necessary for the conduct of its business, where in each such case, the receiving entity first agrees in writing to the obligations described in this Section 14. Any disclosure to such entities shall be under terms and conditions contained in a written agreement containing substantially the same terms and conditions as those provided herein.  14.2.2 As requested by Customer, upon expiration or any termination of this Agreement, or completion of Provider’s obligations under this Agreement, Provider shall return or destroy, as Customer may Direct, all material in any medium that contains, refers to, relates to, or is derived from Confidential Information of Customer, and retain no copies except as may otherwise be agreed to by Customer.  14.2.3 As requested by Provider, upon expiration or any termination of this Agreement, or completion of Provider’s obligations under this Agreement, Customer shall return or destroy, as Provider may direct in writing, all material in any medium that contains, refers to, relates to, or is derived from Confidential Information of Provider, and retain no copies except as may otherwise be agreed to by Provider.  14.2.4 Each Party shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that its respective personnel comply with these confidentiality provisions, and each Party shall cause each of its personnel to annually certify that he/she is complying with terms and conditions substantially the same as those provided herein.  14.2.5 In the event of any actual or suspected misuse, disclosure or loss of, or inability to account for, any Confidential Information of the furnishing Party, the receiving Party promptly shall (A) notify the furnishing Party upon becoming aware thereof; (B) promptly furnish to the other Party full details of the unauthorized possession, use, or knowledge, or attempt thereof, and use reasonable efforts to assistthe other Party in investigating or preventing the reoccurrence of any unauthorized possession, use, or knowledge, or attempt thereof, of Confidential Information; (C) take such actions as may be necessary or reasonably requested by the furnishing Party to minimize the violation; and (D) cooperate in all reasonable respects with the furnishing Party to minimize the violation and any damage resulting therefrom.  14.2.6 The Parties’ obligations respecting Confidential Information shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for a period of five (5) years, except: (A) for medical, provider, subscriber and customer information, which shall survive indefinitely, and (B) as otherwise provided by law.  14.3 Exclusions The following is subject toSchedule 14.5:  14.3.1

Heading: Section 14.2 shall not apply to any particular information which Provider or Customer can demonstrate: (A) was, at the time of disclosure to it, in the public domain; (B) after disclosure to it, is published or otherwise becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the receiving Party; (C) was in the possession of the receiving Party at the time of disclosure to it without obligation of confidentiality; (D) was received after disclosure to it from a third party who had a lawful right to disclose such information to it without any obligation to restrict its further use or disclosure; or (E) was independently developed by the receiving Party without reference to Confidential Information (including unaided mental impressions) of the furnishing Party. In addition, a Party shall not be considered to have breached its obligations by disclosing Confidential Information of the other Party (I) as required by law, except with respect to those laws and regulations described in item (II), to satisfy any legal requirement of a competent government body; provided that, immediately upon receiving any such request and to the extent that it may legally do so, such Party advises the other Party of the request prior to making such disclosure in order that the other Party may interpose an objection to such disclosure, take action to assure confidential handling of the Confidential Information, or take such other action as it deems appropriate to protect the Confidential Information; or (II) as required pursuant to any listing agreement with or rules of any national securities exchange or interdealer quotation system or federal or state securities laws or insurance or health regulations; provided that the Parties shall cooperate to minimize disclosure (e.g., redaction) consistent with such agreements, rules, laws, and regulations, including that the disclosing Party shall notify the other Party before such disclosure.
Content: 14.3.2 Further, a Party shall not be considered to have breached its obligations under this Section 14 for disclosing Confidential Information to its attorneys, auditors and other professional advisors in connection with services rendered by such advisors, provided that such Party has confidentiality agreements with such professional advisors and/or such advisors owe professional confidentiality obligations to such Party.  14.4 No Implied Rights Each Party’s Confidential Information shall remain the property of that Party. Nothing contained in this Section 14 shall be construed as obligating a Party to disclose its Confidential Information to the other Party, or as granting to or conferring on a Party, expressly or impliedly, any rights or  license to the Confidential Information of the other Party, and any such obligation or grant shall only be as provided by other provisions of this Agreement.  14.5 Data Security and Privacy Requirements Provider shall further comply with the data security and privacy requirements set forth inSchedule 14.5attached hereto.  14.6

Heading: BAA
Content: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, the Parties hereby agree that the BAA is incorporated herein by reference, shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be superseded by this Agreement; provided, however, that in the event of any irreconcilable conflict between any terms set forth in this Agreement and any terms in the BAA, the applicable terms in this Agreement shall control.  15.

Heading: CHARGES AND PAYMENTS
Content: 15.1 General Payment Obligation. Customer shall pay Provider for the performance of the Services all the amounts in accordance with the terms specified hereunder and the terms specified in the applicable SOW. The procedures for establishing the level of compensation due to Provider under a particular SOW are set forth inSchedule 4.2,Schedule 15.1andSchedule 15.4hereto. All compensation and other charges hereunder shall be invoiced and payable in U.S. Dollars only.  15.2 Third Party Expenses Unless otherwise specified in a SOW or by other written agreement of the Parties, all third party expenses incurred by Provider in the course of its performance hereunder shall be borne by and remain the sole responsibility of Provider.  15.3 Invoices Provider shall submit monthly invoices by the tenth (10th) Business Day of each month to Customer for the Services performed by Provider during the previous month. All invoices shall be in a format approved by the JSC and shall be accompanied by reasonably detailed descriptions of the Services performed during the preceding month by SOW, the fees related thereto, and the reimbursable disbursements and out-of-pocket expenses, if any, as specified in each SOW, and to support the calculation of any SLA Bonuses and Credits.  15.4 RU and SS Rates Except as otherwise provided in a SOW, the rates, fees and charges applicable during (i) the Ramp Up Period of a Service are set forth inSchedule 15.1hereto (the “RU Rates”), as such RU Rates may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Schedule 15.4 hereto, and (ii) the Steady State Period of a Service are set forth in each SOW (collectively, the “SS Rates”), as such SS Rates may be adjusted from time to time in accordance withSchedule 15.4hereto.  15.5 Payment of Invoices Each invoice will be paid by Customer within thirty (30) calendar days from receipt of the invoice. If Customer is delinquent in the payment of any undisputed portion of a valid invoice and fails to remedy the delinquency within thirty (30) Business Days after receipt of written notice from Provider that Customer has failed to make such payment, Provider may suspend the Services for which Customer is delinquent in payment until such delinquency is remedied, subject to the conditions and requirements set forth in Section 22.1.2 below. In addition, if Customer is delinquent in paying any undisputed invoice amount for more than thirty (30) calendar days after the due date, Customer may be charged interest on the undisputed amount from the date due until the date paid at the rate of 1.5% (one and one-half percent) per month or the highest rate allowed by law of all past due and outstanding balances on a monthly basis, whichever is less. If Customer in good faith disputes any portion of any invoice, Customer shall submit to Provider following receipt of invoice, written documentation identifying and substantiating the disputed amount. Provider and Customer each agree to use commercially reasonable efforts to resolve any dispute so identified within fifteen (15) Business Days after Provider receives written notice of dispute from Customer. If the Parties are unable to resolve the dispute, it shall be referred to the JSC for resolution; if the JSC shall fail to resolve the dispute within ten (10) Business Days, the issue shall be submitted to the Governance Board for resolution; and if the Governance Board shall fail to resolve the dispute within ten (10) Business Days, the issue shall be submitted for Level III Dispute Resolution in accordance with Section 24.3. Any disputed amounts resolved infavorof Customer shall be noted on the next invoice following resolution of the dispute; any disputed amounts determined to be payable to Provider shall be due within seven (7) Business Days of the resolution of the dispute. Notwithstanding anything contained herein, all payments in respect of undisputed portions of each invoice and undisputed invoices shall be payable by Customer within thirty (30) calendar days of its receipt of each respective invoice.  15.6 Taxes  15.6.1 Customer shall be responsible for all applicable federal, state or local use, excise, sales or other taxes, fees, assessments, surcharges or similar governmental charges that may be imposed, levied, collected or assessed by or within the United States of America or any political subdivision thereof in connection with Provider’s provision of the Services to Customer hereunder (collectively, “Applicable Taxes”); provided, however, Customer shall have no responsibility or liability for any Applicable Taxes that are (i) based on or attributable to Provider’s income, whether gross or net (“Income Taxes”), or (ii) ad valorem or property taxes with respect to any real or personal property or other asset owned, leased, orused by Provider (“Ad Valorem Taxes”). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Provider shall be solely responsible for, and shall indemnify and hold Customer harmless from, any Income Taxes or Ad Valorem Taxes.  15.6.2 If Customer is required by law to make any deduction or withholding of Income Taxes or Ad Valorem Taxes from any payment due to Provider under this Agreement, Customer will (i) prepare and submit any necessary filings and remit such Taxes to the appropriate taxing authority, and (ii) provide Provider with evidence of Customer’s withholding and payment to the appropriate taxing authorities. The Parties acknowledge and agree, however, that no such deduction or withholding shall apply if Provider has provided Customer with a timely, appropriate and duly executed Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, W 8BEN or W-8ECI, or an official alternate, substitute or replacement form, as the case may be, that substantiates an exemption from such Taxes. Under no circumstances shall Customer be required or obligated (a) to allow Provider an exemption from any Applicable Taxes (i.e. not make a required deduction or withholding and remittance) if Provider fails to provide Customer with such timely, appropriate and executed exemption certificate and any extensions or updates required thereto or (b) gross up any Income Taxes or Ad Valorem Taxes that Customer is required by law to deduct or withhold from any payment due to Provider hereunder.  15.6.3 Either Party is entitled to contest the amount or validity of the imposition of any Applicable Taxes, and each Party agrees to furnish reasonable cooperation to the contesting Party in any proceeding contesting the amount or validity of imposition of such Applicable Taxes.  15.7 Set Off Customer may set off, as a credit against any monthly charges payable to Provider under this Agreement, any SLA Credits owed to Customer pursuant to any SOW, any mutually agreed amounts to be paid, reimbursed, credited or otherwise owed or owing to Customer by Provider under this Agreement and any amounts that are determined to be owed to Customer in accordance with Section 24.3; provided that with respect to fees or services already paid by Customer that Customer later disputes, Customer must set off such amounts within ninety (90) days after payment of such disputed fees or services. Notwithstanding the ninety (90) day limitation above, Customer may set off (pursuant to this Section 15.7) any amounts owing to Customer, as identified in audits performed pursuant to this Agreement.  15.8 Accountability At all times while this Agreement is in effect and for at least five (5) years following its expiration or termination, Provider shall keep and maintain its books, records and accounts in reasonable detail to accurately, completely and fairly reflect its activities and transactions hereunder, including the recipient and nature of every payment or expenditure in connection with Provider’s activities to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Provider shall maintain complete and accurate records of and supporting documentation for the amounts billable to and payments made by Customer hereunder, to the extent required to comply with Section 16 and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis. Provider agrees to provide Customer with documentation and other information with respect to each invoice as may be reasonably requested by Customer to verify accuracy and compliance with the provisions of this Agreement.  15.9 Proration Except as may be otherwise provided in this Agreement, all periodic charges under this Agreement shall be computed on a calendar month basis, and shall be prorated for any partial month.  15.10 Refunds and Credits If Provider should receive a refund, credit or other rebate for goods or services previously paid for by Customer, Provider shall promptly notify Customer of such refund, credit or rebate and shall promptly pay the full amount of such refund, credit or rebate, as the case may be, to Customer.  16.

Heading: AUDIT RIGHTS
Content: Customer shall have the right to perform regular audits and other oversight activities as provided inSchedule 16.1attached hereto. In the event of any audit or oversight conducted by Customer or any governmental entity, Provider shall fully cooperate with any such auditor.  17.

Heading: REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
Content: 17.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties Each Party to this Agreement represents and warrants to the other Party that:  17.1.1 it is an entity which has been duly formed and is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction where it is formed;  17.1.2 it has all requisite power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement and each SOW in accordance with their respective terms;  17.1.3 the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each SOW (a) has been duly authorized by its requisite officials, (b) shall not conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default under any other agreement to which it is a party or by which it is bound, and shall not constitute an event that would, with notice and/or lapse of time, constitute such a default, and (c) to its knowledge, will not result in a violation of or conflict with any applicable law, and (d) there is no proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of the Party, threatened, which challenges or may have a materialadverse affecton this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;  17.1.4 it is duly licensed, authorized or qualified to do business and is in good standing in every jurisdiction in which a license, authorization or qualification is required for the ownership or leasing of its assets or the transaction of business of the character transacted by it, except where the failure to be so licensed, authorized or qualified would not have a material adverse effect on its ability tofulfillits obligations under this Agreement or any SOW;  17.1.5 there is no outstanding (or, to the best of its knowledge, pending or threatened) litigation, arbitrated matter or other dispute to which it is a Party that if, decided unfavourably to it, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its ability tofulfillits obligations under this Agreement or any SOW; and  17.1.6 it has not violated any applicable laws or regulations.  17.2 Customer Representations and Warranties Customer represents and warrants to Provider that:  17.2.1 it is the legal and beneficial owner of all right, title and interest in and to its Products, having good title thereto, or that it is a licensee of the Products with the authority to utilize the Products as contemplated by this Agreement, and it has full power and authority to grant the licenses and perform its obligations under this Agreement; and  17.2.2 the Products, and their use and operation, to Customer’s knowledge, do not infringe or misappropriate any patent, copyright, trade secret, or other intellectual property right of any third party.  17.3 Provider Representations and Warranties Provider represents and warrants to Customer that:  17.3.1 Non-Infringement. Provider shall perform the Services in a manner that, to its knowledge after prudent inquiry, will not infringe or misappropriate the patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of any third-party. This non-infringement warranty shall not apply to the extent that an infringement claim arises as a result of (a) use, modification, alteration or revision by Customer other than in accordance with any applicable specifications or documentation provided under the applicable SOW, (b) use by Customer in combination with other products or systems not reasonably anticipated in the applicable SOW, or (c) information, data, design, Customer Software, Licensed Software, components, specifications or other materials (including, without limitation, Processing Norms) provided to Provider by or on behalf of Customer.  17.3.2 Compliance with Terms of Agreement. Provider will perform the Services in accordance with all terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the applicable SOWs.  17.3.3 Compliance With Laws and Contract Requirements. Provider and its operations hereunder are, and at all times during the Term of this Agreement shall, remain in full compliance with all applicable federal, state, provincial and local laws, rules and regulations, and that it shall perform the Services hereunder and manage its operations in a manner which is compliant with all laws, rules, regulations andcontractual requirements to which Provider or Customer is subject and applicable thereto including, but not limited to (i) those regarding licensure and certification   for the provision of the Services, (ii) those relating to performance of the Services in compliance with this Agreement, Medicare and Medicaid regulations, and the applicable requirements of Payors, (iii) the False Claims Act, 31 U.S.C. §§ 3729-3733, (iv) the Civil Monetary Penalties Act, 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a, (v) Section 114 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, also known as the RED FLAG RULES, (vi) the requirements of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Pub. L. No. 104-191 and its corresponding regulations—see, 45 C.F.R. Parts 160, 162 and 164—as they may be amended or modified from time to time (collectively, “HIPAA”), (vii) state laws concerning the confidentiality of patient information and billing, and (viii) any other similar laws, regulations or requirements that may from time to time relate to the performance of the Services hereunder. In addition, Provider agrees to implement and comply with all policies and procedures relating to such matters as Customer may Direct and to implement its own compliance programs and policies as reasonably necessary to comply with all of the foregoing.  17.3.4 Work Standards, Efficiency and Cost Effectiveness. Provider will render the Services with promptness, efficiency and diligence and in a workmanlike and cost-effective manner in accordance with the practices and high professional standards used in well-managed operations performing services similar to the Services. Provider shall use adequate numbers of qualified individuals with suitable training, education, experience and skill to perform the Services.  17.3.5 Technology. If instructed to do so by the JSC, Provider shall investigate, consult with Customer and provide information concerning possible upgrades in technology that would allow Provider to realize the benefits of any applicable increases in efficiency and productivity in its provision of the Services and similar services to other customers; provided that if any such upgrade would enhance only Provider’s provision of the Services and Customer desires Provider to effect such upgrade, the Parties shall enter into a Change Order setting forth the allocation of costs and benefits resulting from such upgrade.  17.3.6 Inducements. Provider has not violated any policies of Customer of which it has been provided written notice, regarding the offering of unlawful or prohibited inducements to Customer or any other party in connection with this Agreement. If at any time during the Term, Customer determines on the basis of reasonable evidence that the foregoing warranty is materially inaccurate, then Customer shall notify Provider in writing of the fact that it has made such a determination and of the evidence upon which the determination was based. Provider shall have ten (10) days following receipt of such notification within which Provider may present Customer with any information or evidence Provider may have indicating that Customer’s determination was incorrect, and Customer agrees to consider any such information provided. However, if, after the expiration of such ten (10) day period, Customer nevertheless determines, in its sole discretion that its initial determination was correct, then Customer, in addition to any other rights Customer may have at law or in equity, shall have the right and option to   terminate this Agreement for cause pursuant to Section 22.1.1.2 and without cost, without affording Provider any further opportunity to cure.  17.3.7 Restricted or Excluded Parties. Provider represents that neither Provider, nor any officer or director of Provider, is a Restricted Party or an Excluded Party and that Provider shall not utilize, employ or subcontract with any Restricted Party or Excluded Party in the performance of the Services hereunder. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if Customer determines that Provider, or any officer or director of Provider, or employee or subcontractor of Provider performing any portion of the Services hereunder, is, or becomes, a Restricted Party or an Excluded Party during the Term, then Provider shall be deemed to have committed a default hereunder, and Customer, in addition to and without waiving any other right or remedy it may have for such default, may terminate this Agreement immediately pursuant to Section 22.1.1.2.  17.3.8 Viruses. Provider shall use commercially reasonable efforts so that no Viruses are coded or introduced into the systems used to provide the Services. “Virus” shall mean (a) program code or programming instruction or set of instructions intentionally designed to disrupt, disable, harm, interfere with or otherwise adversely affect computer programs, data files or operations; or (b) other code typically described as a virus or by similar terms, including Trojan horse, worm or backdoor. Virus does not include Disabling Code (as such term is defined below).  17.3.8.1 In the event a Virus is found to have been introduced into the systems used to provide the Services, Provider shall (i) provide all cooperation and assistance reasonably requested by Customer or the JSC to (including assisting Customer in its efforts to) eliminate the effects of the Virus, and (ii) if the Virus causes a loss of operational efficiency or loss of data, assist Customer to the same extent to mitigate and restore such losses.  17.3.8.2 In the event that a Virus is introduced by a Customer system, Provider’s efforts as provided in Section 17.3.8.1: (i) shall be at no additional charge to Customer, to the extent available Provider Personnel are utilized, and (ii) shall be at Customer’s cost, to the extent additional resources are utilized, provided that Customer shall have the right to approve use of all such additional resources. Under these circumstances, additional resources shall not include Provider’s general support personnel but shall include personnel reassigned by Provider from the servicing of other specific accounts. In addition, Provider shall be excused from meeting required service levels to the extent that problems caused by the virus impair Provider’s ability to perform.  17.3.8.3 In the event that a Virus is introduced by a Provider system: (i) Provider’s efforts as set forth in Section 17.3.8.1 shall be at no additional charge to Customer; (ii) Provider shall engage additional resources, at Provider’s cost, as necessary; (iii) Provider shall not be excused with respect to any required service levels affected, unless Provider’s efforts to meet such affected service levels would cause or allow the Virus to spread, and (iv) Provider shall pay to Customer an amount equal to   all of Customer’s costs of any data restoration, the cost to Customer of any business disruption, and any other losses or liabilities of Customer resulting from such Virus.  17.3.9 Disabling Code. Without the prior written consent of Customer, Provider shall not insert into any of the Software any code which would have the effect of disabling or otherwise shutting down all or any portion of the Services (“Disabling Code”); provided, however, that “Disabling Code” shall not include programming code, programming instruction or set of instructions that is distributed as part of hardware or software to ensure that the purchaser or licensee uses the product in accordance with the acquisition or license agreement (such code “Commercially-Provided Disabling Code”) and which Software already contains such Commercially-Provided Disabling Code. Provider further represents and warrants that, with respect to any Disabling Code and Commercially-Provided Disabling Code that may be part of any Software, Provider shall not invoke such Disabling Code or Commercially-Provided Disabling Code at any time, including upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, without Customer’s prior written consent.  17.3.10

Heading: EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES MADE OR REFERENCED IN THIS AGREEMENT AND IN ANY SOW, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, CONCERNING THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND/OR FITNESS OF THE SERVICES FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUALITY, COURSE OF DEALINGS, USAGE OF TRADE, ACCURACY, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NONINFRINGEMENT, ALL OF WHICH ARE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED. PROVIDER AND CUSTOMER HAVE RELIED ON THIS NEGOTIATED ALLOCATION OF RISK IN AGREEING TO THE PRICING IN THIS AGREEMENT.
Content: 18.

Heading: INDEMNIFICATION
Content: 18.1 Provider Indemnification Provider agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Customer and its Affiliates, and all of their respective officers, directors, agents, employees, successors and permitted assigns from and against any and all third party suits, proceedings, claims, liabilities, losses, actions, judgments, fines, penalties (including without limitation, civil monetary penalties, interest and similar financial obligations levied against Customer for violations of regulatory requirements), refund obligations, costs and expenses (including reasonableattorneysfees) of any kind or nature (each a “Claim” and collectively, the “Claims”), to the extent they arise out of or result from:   (i) Provider’s negligence orwillfulmisconduct;   (ii) Provider’s breach of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation, Provider’s breach of its obligation to comply with laws in accordance with Article 9, Provider’s breach of its obligations relating to Taxes under Section 15.6 and Provider’s breach of any of its representations and warranties provided in Section 17.3;   (iii) Any actual or alleged violation, infringement, unauthorized use or misappropriation of any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, or other intellectual property right; provided, however, that such third party claim is not based upon the underlying Product(s) or materials furnished by Customer hereunder or compliance of the Services with Customer’s specifications or other requirements set forth in the SOW under this Agreement;   (iv) Any claims of whatever nature asserted by any of the Provider Personnel; and/or   (v) Any agreements or alleged agreements made or entered into by Provider to effectuate the terms of this Agreement.  18.2 Customer Indemnification Customer agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Provider and its Affiliates, and all of their respective officers, directors, agents and employees from and against any and all third-party Claims, to the extent they arise out of or result from:   (i) Customer’s negligence orwillfulmisconduct;   (ii) Provider’s compliance with the Processing Norms under Section 6.2;   (iii) Customer’s breach of any term of this Agreement, including without limitation, Customer’s breach of its obligation to comply with laws in accordance with Article 9, Customer’s breach of its obligations relating to Taxes under Section 15.6 and Customer’s breach of any of its representations and warranties provided in Section 17;   (iv) Any actual or alleged violation, infringement, unauthorized use or misappropriation of any third party’s U.S. copyright, patent, trademark, or other intellectual property right arising from Provider’s use of Customer’s Products, Licensed Software, Customer Software or other materials furnished hereunder by Customer, to the extent that such use is in the contemplated manner and in full compliance with this Agreement and applicable SOW.  18.3 Mutual Indemnification Each Party (in the capacity as Indemnifying Party) will defend, indemnify and hold harmless the other Party, its Affiliates and all of their respective officers, directors, agents and employees (in the capacity of Indemnified Party) from and against any and all Claims relating to or based on  any personal injury, death or damage to property caused by the negligence orwillfulmisconduct of the Indemnifying Party or its agents and representatives, the performance of this Agreement.  18.4 Indemnification Procedures The Party seeking indemnification under Sections 18.1, 18.2 or 18.3 above, as the case may be (the “Indemnified Party”), will give prompt written notice to the other Party (the “Indemnifying Party”) of a Claim that is subject to such indemnification. (The failure by an Indemnified Party to give notice as provided above shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its obligation under this Section, except to the extent that such failure results in materialadverse affectto the Indemnifying Party). In addition, the Indemnified Party will allow the Indemnifying Party to direct thedefenseand settlement of any such Claim, with counsel of the Indemnifying Party’s choosing subject to the Indemnified Party’s reasonable approval, so long as suchdefenseis pursued diligently, and will provide the Indemnifying Party, at the Indemnifying Party’s expense, with information and assistance that is reasonably necessary for thedefenseand settlement of the Claim; provided, however, that the Indemnifying Party shall not admit fault in any settlement or settle any claim other than for money without the Indemnified Party’s prior written consent. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in (but not control) any such action.  19.

Heading: INSURANCE
Content: Each Party will, at its own expense, maintain insurance policies that cover the Party’s activities under this Agreement and the activities of the Party’s employees, agents and representatives, including, but not limited to, workmen compensation insurance (wherever applicable) and comprehensive general liability and errors and omissions liability. Upon the request of the other Party, the Party to which the request is made shall cause its insurer(s) or insurance broker to provide the requesting Party with a certificate of insurance evidencing suchcoverages. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Provider shall carry such insurance as provided inSchedule 19.1hereto.  20.

Heading: LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY
Content: 20.1 Liability Cap Except for each Party’s indemnification obligations under Section 18 above, and Claims arising out of or related to a Party’s gross negligence,willfulmisconduct, or breach of obligations with respect to Confidential Information, in no event shall either Party’s total cumulative liability under this Agreement, whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, exceed the *;provided, however, that in the event that a Claim arises during the * after the Effective Date, then the maximum aggregate amount of such Party’s liability shall be equal to the total amount of payments projected to be made by Customer under this Agreement during the * after the Effective Date. Provider and Customer further acknowledge and agree that they are entering in to this Agreement on the understanding that the fees for the Services to be provided under this Agreement have been set to reflect the fact that the liability and remedies shall be limited as expressly set forth in this Agreement.  20.2 Consequential Damages  Except for each Party’s indemnification obligations under Section 18 above, neither Party shall be liable to the other for any indirect, incidental, punitive, special or consequential loss, damage, cost or expense including, without limitation, loss of profits, loss of data, and loss of revenues, of any kind whatsoever and however caused, whether arising under contract, tort (including negligence or breach of statutory duty) or otherwise, even if that Party has been advised of its possibility. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree that any damages resulting from a Party’s failure tofulfillits obligations in accordance with this Agreement in the form of fines, penalties refund obligations and other financial costs levied or imposed on Customer as a result of Provider’s failure to perform the Services in accordance with the requirements of this Agreement shall be considered direct damages and shall not be considered consequential damages.  21.

Heading: FORCE MAJEURE
Content: 21.1 Force Majeure Events Except to the extent provided in this Agreement, no Party shall be liable for any default or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement (i) if and to the extent such default or delay is caused, directly or indirectly, by acts of terrorism, fire, flood, earthquake, elements of nature or acts of God, riots, civil disorders, or any other such similar cause beyond the reasonable control of such Party, and (ii) provided the non-performing Party is without fault in causing such default or delay, and such default or delay could not have been prevented by reasonable precautions and could not reasonably be circumvented by the non-performing Party through the use of alternate sources, workaround plans or other means (including with respect to Provider, by Provider meeting its obligations for performing disaster recovery services as described in this Agreement). Any such event or occurrence as described in this Section 21.1 shall be deemed a “Force Majeure Event.”  21.2 Excused Performance Upon notification to the other Party of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event, the non-performing Party, except to the extent provided in this Agreement, shall be excused from further performance or observance of the obligations so affected for as long as such circumstances prevail and such Party continues to use commercially reasonable efforts to recommence performance or observance without delay. Any Party so delayed in its performance shall immediately notify the Party to whom performance is due by telephone (to be confirmed in writing within twenty-four (24) hours of the inception of such delay) and describe at a reasonable level of detail the circumstances causing such delay.  21.3 Force Majeure Remedies Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Provider agrees that no Force Majeure Event that affects Provider’s performance hereunder shall relieve Provider from its obligations for a period of more than three (3) days from the date on which Provider notifies or should have notified Customer of a Force Majeure Event. After the elapse of such period, all SLAs and other covenants applicable to Provider’s performance under this Agreement or any SOW shall again be in full force and effect. In addition, if any Force Majeure Event substantially prevents, hinders or  delays Provider’s performance of the Services such that it substantially interferes with Customer’s business for more than twenty four (24) hours, then Provider shall immediately shift its provision of the Services from the affected Facility to a Disaster Recovery Site described in Section 8 above (if Provider has not done so already). If the Force Majeure Event continues for more than three (3) consecutive days and Provider’s performance falls below the Catastrophic Failure Service threshold with respect to a Service, which for this purpose shall be no lower than 80% of the baseline Service Level specified in an applicable SOW (as supplemented by the SSIO thereto) with respect to any Service, then Customer may, at its option and without violation of the volume obligations under such SOW, procure such Service from an alternate source, and Provider shall be liable for payment for such Service from the alternate source, less any amounts that Customer did not pay to Provider as the result of Services not being rendered, for the lesser of (i) the period of time in which Provider’s performance remains so impaired, and (ii) thirty (30) days. Finally, effective beginning seven (7) days after Provider’s notification of the Force Majeure Event, in the event Provider’s performance remains below the Catastrophic Failure Service threshold with respect to a Service, which for this purpose shall be no lower than 80% of the baseline Service Level specified in an applicable SOW (as supplemented by the SSIO thereto) with respect to any Service, Customer may (x) terminate any portion of this Agreement so affected in whole or in part without penalty or fee, and the charges payable hereunder shall be equitably adjusted to reflect those terminated Services; or (y) terminate this Agreement in whole without liability to Provider, as of a date specified by Customer in a written notice of termination to Provider. Subject to the preceding sentence, Provider shall not have the right to any additional payments from Customer for costs or expenses incurred by Provider as a result of any Force Majeure Event. For the avoidance of doubt, the Parties agree the foregoing rights of Customer shall be in addition to and not in lieu of any other remedies available to Customer hereunder or under law or equity.  21.4 Conditions on Provider’s Response In addition to Customer’s rights set forth in this Section 21, the following conditions shall apply to Provider’s response to a Force Majeure Event:  21.4.1 Whenever a Force Majeure Event causes Provider to allocate limited resources between or among Provider’s customers, Provider shall allocate such resources in an equitable manner and shall not disadvantage Customer with respect to such allocation; and  21.4.2 In no event shall Provider re-deploy or reassign any Key Provider Personnel filling Key Provider Positions on the Customer account to another Provider customer, in the event of a Force Majeure Event.  22.

Heading: TERMINATION
Content: 22.1 Termination Due to Breach  22.1.1 Termination by Customer. Customer shall have the right to terminate this Agreement or any SOW, in whole or in part, or exercise the interim remedy described in Section 22.3 below by giving the specified written notice to Provider   and without further obligation or liability on the part of Customer, upon the occurrence of any of the following events of default (each, a “Provider Default”):  22.1.1.1 Upon ten (10)days noticeif Provider commits a Provider Performance Default (as such term is defined in Section 22.2 below);  22.1.1.2 immediately upon notice if Provider violates (i) its non-compete obligations set forth in Section 25 below, (ii) any of its obligations relating to Customer Confidential Information or Customer Data, (iii) its compliance with applicable laws obligations relating to anti-corruption (Section 9.5), Restricted or Excluded Parties (Sections 10.2 and 17.3.7) or OFAC’s economic sanctions regulations (Section 9.6); or  22.1.1.3 upon thirty (30)days notice(or immediately if the material breach cannot reasonably be cured within such thirty (30) days) if Provider commits a material breach of any other provision of this Agreement.  22.1.2 Termination by Provider. Provider shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to Customer in the event that Customer fails to pay Provider when due chargestotalingat least three (3) months’ charges under any SOW (excluding (i) amounts set off pursuant to Section 15.7, and (ii) disputed payments withheld pursuant to Section 15.5) and Customer fails to remedy the delinquency within thirty (30) Business Days of its receipt of such written notice (a “Customer Default”).  22.2 Termination Due to Failure to Meet Performance Standards Provider shall be deemed to have committed a “Provider Performance Default” if:  22.2.1.1 Provider is liable to pay Major SLA Credits (as such term is defined in each SOW) under any SOW in any three (3) consecutive months or in any five (5) months within a rolling twelve (12) consecutive month period; or  22.2.1.2 A Catastrophic Failure (as such term is defined in each SOW) occurs.  22.3 Deferral and Assumption of Control Options  22.3.1 Upon the occurrence of a Provider Default, Customer may, at its sole option, defer its exercise of its termination rights under Section 22.1 above to dispatch Customer personnel to enter Provider’s facilities used to provide the Services and assist Provider with specific advice and instructions on how to improve its operations in performing the Services for up to * from the date Provider receives notice of a Provider Default (the “Deferral Period”). Provider shall cooperate fully with such assistance by Customer and implement any such Customer advice and instructions promptly.  22.3.2 If, at any time within the Deferral Period, Customer determines in its sole discretion that such limited assistance by Customer is insufficient to prevent a   recurrence of a Provider Default, Customer may, by giving written notice to Provider, discontinue the foregoing deferral of its exercise of termination rights and terminate this Agreement or any SOW, in whole or in part, and assume operational control over all of Provider’s facilities used to provide the Services, the Provider Property, the Equipment, the Provider Software and the Provider Personnel for up to * from the date of such notice (the “Controlled Migration Period”) for purposes of ensuring the proper performance of the Services and facilitating a smooth migration of the Services back to Customer or to Customer’s designee. During such Controlled Migration Period, Customer shall have the full authority previously held by Provider to manage the operations and supervise the Provider Personnel used to provide the Services. Provider shall cooperate fully with, and take all necessary steps to effect, such assumption of control by Customer, the continued performance of the Services and the migration of the Services back to Customer or to Customer’s designee. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, on Customer’s behalf and as Directed by Customer, Provider shall enforce all subcontracts and other third party contracts used in providing the Services or shall appoint Customer as Provider’s agent for the purpose of enforcing such contracts during the Controlled Migration Period.  22.4 Charges Upon Partial Termination In the event of any termination in part by Customer, as provided in this Agreement, the charges payable under this Agreement for Services will be equitably adjusted to reflect those Services that are terminated. Upon termination of any or all Services under any SOW or this Agreement, Provider will be owed payment for Services completed up until the date of termination notice expiration, subject to any set-offs in accordance with Section 15.7 above.  22.5 Termination For Insolvency Customer shall have the option, but not the obligation, to terminate this Agreement in its entirety (including all SOWs) if Provider: (a) becomes insolvent or is unable to meet its debts or obligations; (b) files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy; (c) has an involuntary petition in bankruptcy filed against it that is not challenged within fifteen (15) days and dismissed within thirty (30) days; (d) is adjudicated a bankrupt; (e) has a receiver or trustee appointed for its assets; (f) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (g) has any significant portion of its assets attached.  22.6 Termination due to Change of Control If Provider (or its ultimate parent entity) is subject to a “Change of Control” (as such term is defined below), Provider shall notify Customer thereof no later than ten (10) days after the Change of Control takes place.  22.6.1 Following the first such notice of a Change of Control, if (a) immediately prior to the Change of Control, the Parties were no longer under the common control of the same parent company, and (b) following the Change of Control, Provider is materially less financially sound, has materially less resources, willingness or   capability to provide the Services, or is controlled by a Competitor, then for a period of * from the date of notice, Customer shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon * written notice but without liability (except as otherwise provided herein) to Provider, unless Customer received notice of the proposed Change of Control at least * prior to its consummation and consented in writing thereto within * of its receipt thereof. In the event Provider provides such prior notice of a proposed Change of Control to Customer, Customer may grant, withhold or condition its consent in its sole and absolute discretion within said * period. Provider prefers that Customer communicate its decision in writing to Provider and Customer shall attempt in good faith to accommodate such preference, but failure by Customer to provide its written consent within said * period shall be deemed to be a decision by Customer to withhold its consent.  22.6.2 In the event that Provider provides a second or subsequent notice of a Change of Control, then Customer shall have all termination and consent rights as provided in Section 22.6.1, regardless of Provider’s financial health, resources, willingness or capability or any other criteria.  22.6.3 For purposes of this section, “Change of Control” means any merger, consolidation, share exchange, recapitalization or sale or transfer of equity securities of Provider (or its ultimate parent entity), in each case in which any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), other than Provider or an Affiliate, acquires beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) of fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of the then-outstanding or fully diluted voting securities of Provider or its ultimate parent entity or the right to appoint the majority of the board of directors of either Provider or its ultimate parent.  22.7 Termination Due to Material Adverse Regulatory Change  22.7.1 Provider shall have the right to terminate this Agreement, in whole but not in part, by giving at least four (4) months’ prior written notice to Customer in the event of a change in the U.S. tax or regulatory environment applicable to Provider and the offshore outsourcing industry generally, which change has a material adverse effect on Provider’s ability or cost to provide the Services. In the event Provider terminates this Agreement pursuant to this Section 22.7, Provider shall pay to Customer a termination fee equal to the amount of fees Customer paid to Provider under the Agreement for the six (6) full calendar months period immediately preceding the termination; provided, however, that if Customer has paid less than six (6) months of fees immediately preceding the termination, then the termination fee shall be equal to the aggregate amount of fees that Customer paid or became obligated to pay to Provider as to each month for which fees were paid or became payable for the first six (6) months plus a projected amount based on the average monthly amount of the fees paid or payable for the months during the period when fees were in fact paid for each additional month necessary to bring the total number of months for which the termination fee is paid to six (6).  22.7.2 The number of months for which the termination fee described in Section 22.7.1 above shall be payable shall decrease by one month on the first anniversary and on each successive anniversary of the Agreement after a termination takes place. For example, if the Provider termination takes place between the first and the second anniversary of the Term of the Agreement, then the termination fee shall be equal to the amount of fees Customer paid to Provider under the Agreement during the five (5) full calendar months immediately preceding the applicable termination by Provider under Section 22.7, and, if the termination by Provider takes place between the second and the third anniversary of the Term of the Agreement, then the termination fee shall be equal to the amount of fees Customer paid to Provider for under the Agreement during the four (4) full calendar months immediately preceding the termination by Provider, with the annual reductions to continue in a like manner, except that in no event shall the termination fee be less than one month’s fees paid or payable by Customer to Provider, irrespective of the date of termination by Provider.  22.8 Savings Clause Due to the impact any termination of this Agreement would have on Customer’s business, Customer’s failure to perform its responsibilities set forth in this Agreement shall not be deemed to be grounds for termination by Provider. Provider acknowledges that Customer would not be willing to enter into this Agreement without assurance that it may not be terminated by Provider and that Provider may not suspend performance except, and only to the extent, pursuant to Section 15.5 or Section 22.1.2. Provider’snonperformanceof its obligations under this Agreement shall be excused if and to the extent (a) such Providernonperformanceresults directlyfrom a Relief Event comprised of Customer’s failure to perform its responsibilities; and (b) Provider provides Customer with reasonable notice of suchnonperformanceand (if requested by Customer) uses commercially reasonable efforts to perform, notwithstanding Customer’s failure (with Customer reimbursing Provider for its out-of-pocket expenses for such efforts).  22.9 Relief Events  22.9.1 In addition to any other provisions in this context that may be contained in this Agreement (and without in any way prejudicing or limiting them), Provider will not be in breach of this Agreement or the applicable SOW or liable for SLA Credits to the extent its failure to perform an obligation under this Agreement or the applicable SOW is solely a direct result of a Relief Event, subject to Provider:  22.9.1.1 providing Customer as soon as reasonably practicable with notice of the Relief Event where the Provider is aware or should reasonably have been aware of such Relief Event;  22.9.1.2 using all reasonable endeavours to perform the Services, notwithstanding the Relief Event; and  22.9.1.3 cooperating with and assisting Customer to correct Customer’s failure that gave rise to the Relief Event.  22.9.2 Provider shall not be entitled to rely on a Relief Event to avoid liability for breach of this Agreement, including payment of SLA Credits, if it fails to satisfy any of the conditions set out in Sections 22.9.1.1 to 22.9.1.3 above.  22.9.3 If Provider incurs a Significant Cost Increase to perform the Services pursuant to any SOW as a sole and direct result of any Relief Event, it shall be entitled to recover such additional direct costs from Customer, provided that Provider must obtain Customer’s prior written consent before incurring costs in excess of $500 per month or such other sum as may be specified in the applicable SOW.  22.9.4 Provided that Provider has complied with the provisions of Sections 22.9.1 and 22.9.2, Provider shall be entitled to an extension of the schedule for completion of the Services under the relevant SOW, and the period of the extension shall be at least equal to the reasonable delay caused solely and directly by such Relief Event.  22.9.5 The provisions of this Section 22.9 are Provider’s exclusive remedy for any Relief Event.  23.

Heading: EFFECTS OF TERMINATION
Content: 23.1 Wind-Up Events Except as may be required in connection with any post-expiration or post-termination provision of the Services, upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason, (i) all licenses and other rights granted to Customer or Provider hereunder will terminate and become null and void, (ii) all materials, including without limitation, Confidential Information, provided by either Party to the other hereunder will be returned within thirty (30) days after the effective date of expiration or termination or shall be destroyed if so requested by the disclosing Party, and (iii) all earned and unpaid fees and expenses will become immediately due and payable.  23.2 Termination/Expiration Assistance  23.2.1 Provision of Services Prior to Termination/Expiration Date. Commencing (i) * prior to the scheduled expiration of this Agreement or a SOW, (ii) on such earlier date as Customer may request, or (iii) immediately upon any notice of termination or partial termination, as the case may be, including notice based upon a Provider Default or a Customer Default or a notice of non-renewal of this Agreement, and continuing through the effective date of expiration or, if applicable, of termination of this Agreement, Provider shall provide to Customer, or at Customer’s request to Customer’s designee, the reasonable termination/expiration assistance requested by Customer to allow the Services to continue in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and to facilitate the orderly migration of the Services to Customer or its designee (the “Termination/Expiration Assistance”). In the event of any partial termination, the provision of Termination/Expiration Assistance shall be provided by Provider only as applicable to the Services terminated. The Termination/Expiration Assistance shall include but not be limited to the assistance described inSchedule 23.2.1hereto.  23.2.2 Provision of Services After Termination/Expiration Date. In addition to the Termination/Expiration Assistance set forth in the preceding paragraph:  23.2.2.1 Upon expiration of the Term of this Agreement, for up to a period of * thereafter, Provider shall continue to provide, at Customer’s written request made at least * prior to such expiration, any or all of the Services being performed by Provider prior to such expiration date, including the Termination/Expiration Assistance.  23.2.2.2 In the event that Customer terminates this Agreement pursuant to Sections 21.3 (Force Majeure), 22.1.1 (Provider Default), 22.2 (Provider Performance Default), 22.5 (Insolvency), or 22.6 (Change of Control), then either (i) for up to a period of * following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, Provider shall continue to provide, at Customer’s request, any or all of the Services being performed by Provider prior to such effective date, including the Termination/Expiration Assistance, or (ii) Customer may exercise its rights under Section 22.3.1 above (if applicable).  23.2.2.3 In the event that Customer terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 3.3 (Termination for Convenience), then for up to a period of * following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, Provider shall continue to provide, at Customer’s request, any or all of the Services being performed by Provider prior to such effective date, including the Termination/Expiration Assistance.  23.2.2.4 In the event that Provider terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 22.1.2 (Non-Payment), then for up to a period of * following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, Provider shall continue to provide, at Customer’s request, any or all of the Services being performed by Provider prior to such effective date, including the Termination/Expiration Assistance; provided, however, in the event of termination pursuant to Section 22.1.2, Provider shall only have the foregoing obligations to the extent that Customer prepays all fees for such Services (equal to the fees determined under this Agreement during the Term) on a month-by-month basis.  23.2.2.5 In the event that Provider terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section (Material Adverse Regulatory Change), then for up to a period of * following the effective date of termination of this Agreement, Provider shall continue to provide, at Customer’s request, any or all of the Services being performed by Provider prior to such effective date, including the Termination/Expiration Assistance; provided, however, that, upon the execution of an appropriate Change Order, Provider may provide such Services from any of its offices located worldwide, which Change Order shall also specify the allocation of any additional costs that may be incurred by Provider in providing such Services from such other location.  23.2.3 To the extent Provider is to perform Services pursuant to Section 23.2.2 which were being performed prior to the termination/expiration date of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall be applicable as such provisions would   have been applicable to the Services prior to the effective date of termination. The charges for such activities that are provided without cessation by Provider after termination of the Agreement shall be: (i) for those Services for which there is a charge in the Agreement, such charges as were in effect immediately prior to the termination date, and (ii) for those Services for which there is no charge in the Agreement, at such rates as may be considered equitable by the JSC under the circumstances.  23.2.4 Cooperation. In the process of evaluating whether to allow the expiration, termination or renewal of this Agreement, Customer may consider obtaining, or determine to obtain, offers for performance of services similar to the Services prior to or following the termination/expiration of this Agreement. As and when reasonably requested by Customer for use in such a process, Provider shall provide to Customer such information and other cooperation regarding performance of the Services as would be reasonably necessary for a third party to prepare an informed, non-qualified offer for such services. Provider’s support in this respect shall include providing information regarding Equipment, Software, staffing and other matters as are necessary for the preparation of any such offer. Such cooperation shall include, including upon any termination in whole or in part, providing Customer and its designee (including third party vendors who shall transition the Services from Provider): (i) descriptions of hardware, software and services configurations, and (ii) reasonable access to Provider facilities utilized to provide the Services, provided however that Provider shall not be required to house any such third party personnel at such Provider facilities and subject to Provider’s generally applicable confidentiality and security requirements.  23.2.5 Each Party’s termination rights set forth in this Agreement are cumulative and are in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Parties.  23.3 Post Termination Rights and Obligations Termination of this Agreement or any SOW hereunder (howsoever occasioned) shall not affect the any accrued rights or liabilities of either Party nor shall it affect the coming in to force or the continuance in force of anyposition hereof which is expressly or by implication intended to come into or continue in force on or after such termination. In addition, in the event of a termination of a SOW, such termination shall not affect the obligations of the Parties under other SOWS. For the avoidance of doubt, in accordance with Section 26.19 below, all clauses, which by their nature ought or intend to survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall continue to so survive or operate following the expiration or termination of the Agreement.  24.

Heading: DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Content: 24.1 Level 1 Any dispute relating to the interpretation of, arising out of, relating to or in connection with this Agreement or any SOW, including any question regarding its existence, validity or termination  (a “Dispute”), will be referred in the first instance to the JSC for resolution, which will in good faith attempt to resolve a Dispute within *.  24.2 Level 2 If a Dispute is not resolved as per Level 1 above, then it shall be referred to the Governance Board for resolution which will in good faith attempt to resolve the Dispute within a further *.  24.3 Level 3  24.3.1 If a Dispute is not resolved as per Level 2 above, then either Party may initiate binding arbitration administered by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution of the American Arbitration Association (the “AAA”) in accordance with its International Arbitration Rules by providing written notice to the other Party informing the other Party of such intention and the issues to be resolved.  24.3.2 The arbitral panel shall consist of one arbitrator (where the amount in dispute is not more than US$ *), and three arbitrators (where the amount is more than US$ *). If there is to be only one arbitrator, that person will be selected in accordance with the AAA procedures referred to above. If there are to be three arbitrators, they will be selected as follows: each Party shall appoint one arbitrator within fifteen (15) days after the notice of arbitration is received, and within fifteen (15) days of the appointment of both such Party-appointed arbitrators, such two arbitrators shall discuss and select a chairman. If the two Party-appointed arbitrators are unable to agree on the chairman within such period, then the chairman shall be selected in accordance with the applicable rules of the AAA. Each arbitrator shall be independent of each of the Parties. The Parties shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to conclude the arbitration within three (3) months after all three arbitrators have been appointed. Each arbitrator shall be required, prior to his or her appointment, to acknowledge his or her intention and availability to meet the Parties’ desire that a final decision be issued with respect to the dispute within the time period specified in the preceding sentence.  24.3.3 The Parties will be entitled to conduct documentary discovery and depositions, the scope of which shall be set by arbitrators. Discovery shall be conducted consistent with the International Bar Association Rules on the Taking of Evidence in International Arbitration.  24.3.4 The language of arbitration shall be English, and the place of arbitration shall be Los Angeles, California, in the United States. The costs of arbitration, including administrative and arbitrator fees, shall be shared equally by the Parties, provided that each Party shall bear the expenses of its witnesses, counsel and other experts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that an arbitration is initiated for any Dispute and results in an arbitral award that is valued at less than $*, then the Party that initiated such arbitration shall be responsible for paying both Parties’ arbitration costs (including all administrative and arbiter fees as well as the   expenses of witnesses, counsel and other experts of both Parties), regardless of which Party ultimately prevailed in such Dispute.  24.3.5 The award or decision of the arbitrators shall be in writing, shall set forth the basis for such award and shall be final and binding upon the Parties. Judgment upon the award or decision may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of the award and/or an order of enforcement, as the case may be.  24.3.6 Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed as preventing any Party from seeking preliminary injunctive relief, temporary equitable relief or any other provisional remedy in aid of arbitration from any court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties hereby agree and acknowledge that Part I (exceptSection 9) of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, of India shall not apply and no Party to any Dispute shall claim the application of Part I (except Section 9) of the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.  24.4 Continued Performance Each Party agrees to continue performing its obligations under this Agreement while a Dispute is being resolved, except to the extent the issue in dispute precludes performance (it being agreed that a Dispute over payment shall not be deemed to preclude performance) and without limiting either Party’s right to terminate this Agreement as provided in Section 22.  25.

Heading: NON-COMPETE OBLIGATIONS
Content: 25.1 No Services to Competitors In recognition and acknowledgement of the fact that (i) Provider currently lacks experience and knowledge in providing services to the home healthcare industry in the United States, (ii) Customer will be providing substantial training and imparting Customer and industry-specific information to Provider and the Provider Personnel during the Term hereof as well as investing considerable resources in outsourcing the Services to Provider, and (iii) Provider and the Provider Personnel will benefit tremendously from receiving such training and infusion of information and Customer’s investment, Provider hereby agrees and undertakes that during the *, unless otherwise agreed by Customer, Provider shall not, and shall cause the Provider Personnel not to: (1) render services to or otherwise assist or support any Competitor; or (2) or carry on or engage directly or indirectly, whether through partnership or as a shareholder, joint venture partner, collaborator, consultant, employee, or agent or in any other manner whatsoever, whether for profit or otherwise, any business undertaken by any Competitor.  25.2 Provider Personnel In addition, Provider shall take all legally permissible steps to subject the Provider Personnel, including, without limitation, those persons occupying Key Provider Positions, to the same restrictions. Provider shall, within thirty (30) days of execution of this Agreement, provide copies of letters signed by each of the Provider Personnel occupying Key Provider Positions agreeing to be bound by the provisions of this Section 25 and specifically stating that in the event  the Provider Personnel commits a breach of the provisions hereof, then a significant proportion of his or her annual remuneration that has been, is being or will be withheld by Provider will be forfeited.  26.

Heading: GENERAL
Content: 26.1 Governing Law This Agreement and all matters and Disputes relating to it shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware (excluding its conflict of laws statutes and principles) and applicable United States federal law.  26.2 [Reserved]  26.3 Relationship Of The Parties The relationship between Provider and Customer is that of independent contractors.  26.3.1 Neither Party shall be deemed to be the legal representative of the other Party nor will anything contained in this Agreement create or imply an agency, joint venture, partnership or other fiduciary relationship between Provider and Customer.  26.3.2 Neither Party’s agents, employees or servants shall be considered an agent, employee or servant of the other Party.  26.3.3 Each Party agrees to assume complete responsibility for its own employees with regard to federal or state employer’s liability and withholding taxes, worker’s compensation, social security, unemployment insurance, and occupational health and safety requirements and other federal, state and local laws.  26.4 Severability If at any time any clause or part of this Agreement, is found by any court, tribunal or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be wholly or partly illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, such provision willbe deemed restated, in accordance with applicable law, to reflect as nearly as possible the original intention of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement will continue in full force and effect.  26.5 Entire Agreement  26.5.1 This Agreement, together with all applicable SOW(s), Schedules and Annexure(s) attached hereto, is the complete and exclusive Agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding any prior agreements and communications (both written and oral) regarding such subject matter except to the extent provisions of other agreements are incorporated herein by reference.  26.5.2 For purposes of interpreting the meaning and intent of this Agreement, the main text of this Agreement and the Schedules attached hereto shall, together, be considered to be a single and fully integrated agreement. In the event of an irreconcilable conflict between the provisions contained in this main text of this Agreement together with the Schedules on the one hand, and the specific provisions set forth in a SOW or Annexure on the other hand, the provisions of the main text of this Agreement together with the Schedules shall control unless the provisions of the SOW or Annexure specifically reference the provisions of the main text of this Agreement or the Schedules that are inconsistent therewith, in which case the SOW or Annexure shall control those provisions only.  26.6 Binding Nature and Assignment This Agreement shall be binding on the Parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Provider may not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Customer, which consent Customer may withhold or condition in its sole and absolute discretion. Any assignment by operation of law, order of any court, or pursuant to any plan of merger, consolidation or liquidation, shall be deemed an assignment for which prior written consent is required. Any assignment made without Customer’s consent as required above shall be null and void and of no effect as between the Parties.  26.7 Mutually Negotiated Each Party acknowledges that the terms and conditions of this Agreement (including any perceived ambiguity herein) shall not be construed infavorof or against any Party by reason of the extent to which any Party or its professional advisors participated in the preparation of the original or any further drafts of this Agreement, as each Party has been represented by counsel in its negotiation of this agreement and it represents their mutual efforts.  26.8 Public Disclosures All media releases, public announcements and public disclosures by either Party relating to this Agreement or the subject matter of this Agreement, including promotional or marketing material, but not including announcements intended solely for internal distribution or disclosures to the extent required to meet legal or regulatory requirements beyond the reasonable control of the disclosing Party, shall be coordinated with and approved by the other Party prior to release. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Provider may list Customer as a customer and describe in general terms the services provided by Provider under this Agreement in proposals and other marketing materials.  26.9 No Third Party Beneficiaries This Agreement is intended for the sole and exclusive benefit of the signatories and is not intended to benefit any third party. Only the Parties to this Agreement may enforce it.  26.10 Counterparts  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an original and all of which shall constitute one agreement.  26.11 Headings The headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and have no legal effect.  26.12 Rights Cumulative  26.12.1 The rights and remedies of the Parties under this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies to which either Party is entitled by law.  26.12.2 The exercise by either Party of any right or remedy under this Agreement or under applicable law will not preclude that Party from exercising any other right or remedy under this Agreement or to which that Party is entitled by law.  26.13 Schedules and Exhibits All references herein to Exhibits, Schedules or Annexures hereto refer to documents attached or intended to be attached to this Agreement and are incorporated herein as fully as if they were set forth herein verbatim, whether or not they are actually attached.  26.14 Waivers  26.14.1 The failure to exercise or delay in exercising a right or remedy provided by this Agreement or by law does not constitute a waiver of such right or remedy or a waiver of other rights or remedies.  26.14.2 A waiver of a breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or of a default under this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of any other breach or default and will not affect the other terms of this Agreement.  26.14.3 waiver of a breach of any of the terms of this Agreement or of a default under this Agreement will not prevent a Party from subsequently requiring compliance with the waived obligation.  26.14.4 No waiver will have effect unless made in writing.  26.14.5 Any waiver by either Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement will not be considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or of any other provision thereof.  26.15 Amendments  26.15.1 Except as specified herein or in Article 5 of this Agreement, no modification, amendment to, or alteration of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any Schedules referred to herein and attached hereto, or any SOW, shall be effective unless such modification, amendment or alteration is reduced to writing, states the   clear intent of the Parties to modify, amend or alter the specified provisions of this Agreement and is signed by all Parties, except for a change of address provided by one Party to the other. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer may at its sole discretion, from time to time, unilaterally amend any Payor contract to which it is a party and, subject to Section 4.5, its procedures as they relate to Provider’s performance hereunder, and (where not prohibited by law or elsewhere in this Agreement) the Administrative Manuals. Customer shall promptly notify Provider of any changes, which may have a substantial impact on the terms and conditions of this Agreement or Provider’s obligations hereunder.  26.15.2 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 26.15.1, if any governmental agency requires any modification of this Agreement in order for this Agreement to be in conformity with United States federal or State law, either Party shall: (i) provide a copy of such communication from the governmental agency to the other Party (or if the modification is orally required by a representative of the governmental agency, then the name and telephone number of the official requiring the modification); and (ii) a copy of the proposed amendment to this Agreement, which amendment shall modify this Agreement solely to the extent necessary to address the requirement of the governmental agency. If such modification is required by the regulatory agency with respect to fewer than all of the SOWS, the modification shall be to the applicable SOW(s) only. The modification shall be effective upon its delivery to the other Party, provided that the notifying Party shall in good faith consider and entertain any objections of the other Party to the proposed modification. If the other Party disagrees with the modification, such Party may seek review of the proposed modification by, as applicable, the JSC, and the Governance Board, provided that the modification shall be in force and effect pending such process.  26.16 Consents and Approval Except where expressly provided as being in the discretion of a Party, where approval, acceptance, consent or similar action by either Party is required under this Agreement, such action shall not be unreasonably delayed orwithheld. An approval or consent given by a Party under this Agreement shall not relieve the other Party from responsibility for complying with the requirements of this Agreement, nor shall it be construed as a waiver of any rights under this Agreement, except as and to the extent otherwise expressly provided in such approval or consent.  26.17 Further Assurances Each Party shall, at the request of the other Party, perform those actions, including executing additional documents and instruments, reasonably necessary to give full effect to the terms of this Agreement.  26.18 Survival  Any provision of this Agreement which contemplates performance or observance subsequent to termination or expiration of this Agreement shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement and continue in full force and effect.  26.19 [Reserved]  26.20 Notices  26.20.1 Unless otherwise stated, all notices required under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be considered given: (a) When delivered personally, (b) Five (5) days after mailing, when sent certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, (c) Upon receipt when sent via a commercial overnight carrier, fees prepaid or, (d) Upon receipt when sent by facsimile transmission confirmed by telephone, and retaining copy of transmission confirmation receipt.  26.20.2 All communications will be addressed as follows (unless changed by written notice):     To Provider:   To Customer:  Mr. RamachandranPanickar, CFO IntelenetGlobal Services Private Limited IntelenetTowers, 1406-A/ 28 Mindspace,Malad(West) Mumbai – 400 064, India Fax: +91.22.66778210  With a copy to:  Amit Gupta, Head of Legal IntelenetGlobal Services Private Limited 219 Okhla Industrial Estate Phase III New Delhi – 110 020 Fax: +91.11.26332760  Apria Healthcare, Inc. 26220 Enterprise Court Lake Forest, CA 92630 Attention: Mr. James G.Gallas Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Fax: +01.949.462.8089  With a copy to:  Apria Healthcare, Inc. 26220 Enterprise Court Lake Forest, CA 92630 Attention: Legal Department Fax: +01.949.639.4332 [Rest of page intentionally left blank]  IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized representatives.     IntelenetGlobal Services Private Limited   Apria Healthcare, Inc. By: /s/SusirKumar  Name:SusirKumar  Title: CEO  Date: 14-5-2009  Place of Execution: Mumbai  By: /s/ James G.Gallas  Name: James G.Gallas  Title: EVP and CAO  Date: May 10, 2009  Date: Place of Execution: USA

