Heading: MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
Content: THIS MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of this 9th day of March 2018 (the “Effective Date”), by and between 360 East 88thStreet, Unit 2A, New York, NY 10128, andGenprex, Inc, a Delaware Corporation having offices at 100 Congress Avenue, Suite 2000, Austin, TX 78701 (the “Company”). WHEREAS, Consultant is in the business of assisting in the selection and coordination of investor awareness providers and services (the “Services”); NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual covenants set forth herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Consultant hereby agree as follows:

Heading: 1.    GENERAL.
Content: a.Statement of Work. Consultant agrees to provide Services to the Company in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. A description of the Services to be provided shall be set forth in one or more mutually agreed upon documents (each, a “Statement of Work”), each of which upon execution by Consultant and the Company shall become binding between the parties and made a part hereof. Each Statement of Work entered into by the parties in connection herewith shall be subject to, and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall be performed in accordance with, the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Each Statement of Work shall (i) supplement and form a part of this Agreement, (ii) be read and construed as one with this Agreement, and (iii) be deemed incorporated by reference herein. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and any Statement of Work, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control unless such Statement of Work expressly indicates otherwise. b.Change orders. The scope of the Services to be provided hereunder shall not be changed in any material respect without a mutually agreed upon change order executed by an authorized representative of each party. Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties and set forth in the change order, all additional Services set forth in a change order shall be billable as set forth in the change order.

Heading: 2.    PAYMENT.
Content: a.General. The Company shall pay to Consultant the fees for the Services as set forth in the applicable Statement of Work (the “Fees”), plus costs for expenses. The Company shall make all payments in United States Dollars unless otherwise provided in the Statement of Work. All late payments shall bear interest at the lesser of the rate of 0.5% per month or the highest rate permissible under applicable law, calculated daily and compounded monthly. Commencing on the Effective Date, the Consultant will be retained as a Consultant and independent contractor for the Company for the Term as set forth in Section 3. A description of Services can be found in Exhibit A. b.Payment in Stock. To the extent that any Statement of Work provides for payment in Company Stock or other securities (“Stock”), the parties hereby agree as follows:   i. The Company may not issue any Stock under a registration Statement on Form S-8 or Rule 701 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “1933 Act”);   ii. Consultant hereby agrees to be bound by the Company’s insider trading or similar policy, if any, during the Term, and for 90 days thereafter;   iii. All Stock shall be restricted and bear a standard 1933 Act legend;   iv. The Company shall cause its counsel to provide an opinion letter for removal of any legend when and if such legend may be removed in accordance with applicable law.

Heading: 3.    TERM.
Content: The term of this Consulting Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of (3) months unless terminated as provided herein. After forty-five (45) days from the EffectiveDate, Company may terminate this Agreement upon ten days written notice to Consultant (which may be by email). This Agreement may also be terminated when mutually agreed upon by both parties.  1

Heading: 4.    SERVICES.
Content: a.Acceptance. All Services to be delivered hereunder shall be deemed accepted by the Company upon its approval of the Statement of Work, unless otherwise set forth in a Statement of Work. If the Company rejects the Services rendered hereunder, the Company shall provide a reasonable level of detailed information for the rejection, and Consultant shall correct and/or modify the non-conforming Services within fifteen (15) days thereof (or such other period of time as mutually agreed upon in writing between the parties). In the event that the Company remains unsatisfied with the delivery of such Services after resubmission by Consultant, Consultant and the Company shall promptly meet and discuss the Company’s rejection in good faith, and agree to a resolution of the Company’s rejection within fifteen (15) days. In the event that Consultant and the Company cannot resolve the Company’s rejection and such rejection was not made in connection with any failure or defect of any third party product or deliverable delivered by Consultant to the Company, the parties hereto shall resolve the dispute in accordance with the terms and conditions of Section 13. b.Subcontracting. The Company understands that Consultant will subcontract all Services to subcontractors set forth in each Statement of Work and that the Company’s execution of a Statement of Work constitutes approval of each such subcontractor. All subcontractors will be paid by Consultant unless otherwise specifically agreed in the Statement of Work. c.Company Responsibilities. i. In connection with Consultant’s performance of the Services specified in the Statement of Work, Company agrees to provide Consultant and/or each subcontractor, such materials as may be necessary for the Services to be performed (the “Materials”). The Company hereby represents, warrants, covenants and agrees that the Materials will be true and accurate and shall be free of any material omissions or misstatements and otherwise compliant will all applicable laws. ii. The Company shall provide disclosures in each of its Forms 10-K and 10-Q as to the existence of this Agreement and any Statement of Work, the amount paid or to be paid in connection with each Statement of Work and the types of services to be provided under each Statement of Work. iii. During the Term, the Company shall advise Consultant of any and all promotional activities with respect to its securities, prior to the commencement of such activities, including, but not limited to, press releases and engagements with other investment relations firms or other service providers providing services similar to those or the Services provided in a Statement of Work. 5. INDEPENDENT CONTACTOR. At all times during the term of this Agreement, Consultant and each subcontractor shall be an independent contractor in providing the Services hereunder with the sole right to supervise, manage, operate, control and direct the provision of such Services and the sole obligation to employ, compensate and manage its own employees and business affairs. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed or construed to create a partnership or joint venture, to create the relationship of employee/employer or principal/agent, or otherwise create any liability whatsoever of any party with respect to the indebtedness, liabilities, obligations or actions of the other party.

