Heading: MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
Content: This MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of January 8, 2021 (the “Effective Date”) by and betweenHumanigen, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Client”), and EVERSANA Life Science Services, LLC, and its affiliates, a Wisconsin limited liability company (“EVERSANA”). Client and EVERSANA may each be referred to herein as a “party” or collectively as the “parties”.

Heading: RECITALS
Content: A.       Client is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company, developing an COVID-19, immunology, immuno-oncology portfolio of monoclonal antibodies.  B.       EVERSANA, either directly or through subcontractors, is in the business of furnishing services including, but not limited to patient services, compliance services, product channel distribution, professional services, marketing and market access services, data and analytics, HEOR/RWE and field solution services (“Services”).  C.       Client desires to have EVERSANA furnish certain Services described in this Agreement, and EVERSANA desires to perform such Services upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Heading: AGREEMENT
Content: NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the recitals, mutual covenants and conditions herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows.   1. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the following words shall have the meanings set forth below:

Heading: A.
Content: “Change in Control” means the occurrence, in a single transaction or in a series of related transactions, of any one or more of the following events: (a) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of a party to another person or entity (such person or entity, an “acquirer”); (b) a merger or consolidation between a party and an acquirer in which the party is not the surviving entity, and in which the stockholders of a party immediately prior to such transaction own, immediately after the transaction, less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving entity or its parent; (c) a reverse merger between a party and an acquirer in which the party is the surviving entity and the stockholders of the party immediately prior to such reverse merger own less than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the party or its parent immediately after the transaction; or (d) an acquisition by any acquirer or “group” within the meaning of Section 13(d) or 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), and the regulations promulgated thereunder, or any comparable successor provisions (excluding any employee benefit plan, or related trust, sponsored or maintained by the party or subsidiary of the party or other entity controlled by the party) of the beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, or comparable successor rule) of securities of the party representing at least fifty percent (50%) of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or managers, as applicable, of such party, excluding in any case issuances of securities by the party in transactions the primary purpose of which is to raise capital for the party.    Page1of23

Heading: B.
Content: “PHI” means Protected Health Information and “e-PHI” means Electronic Protected Health Information.

Heading: C.
Content: “Products” means all of the biologic products manufactured, distributed, or marketed by Client which Client distributes or desires to distribute.

Heading: D.
Content: “Work Product” means all inventions, products, designs, drawings, notes, documents, data, user statistics, analysis, information, documentation, works of authorship, processes, techniques, know-how, algorithms, specifications, biological or chemical specimens or samples, hardware, circuits, computer programs, databases, user interfaces, encoding techniques, and other materials of any kind that EVERSANA may make, conceive, develop or reduce to practice, alone or jointly with others, as a direct result of performing the Services, or that are specifically related to such Services, whether or not they are eligible for patent, copyright, mask work, trade secret, trademark or other legal protection.

Heading: GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Content: 1.

Heading: SERVICES.
Content: Available Services and additional terms and conditions applicable to each such Service are outlined in the Exhibits to this Agreement. Statement(s) of Work and/or Exhibits (“SOW”) will set forth the Services to be provided by EVERSANA to Client and the fees to be paid by Client to EVERSANA in connection therewith.   2.

Heading: FEES.
Content: 2.1Fees and Expenses. As compensation for EVERSANA’s performance of the Services, Client shall pay fees and expenses (“Fees”) in accordance with the applicable SOW, including any initial one-time set- up fee as described in the applicable SOW. Client shall reimburse EVERSANA for reasonable and properly documented out-of-pocket expenses necessarily incurred in performing Services under this Agreement as the same shall be set forth in a SOW.  2.2Fee Increases. On each twelve-month anniversary of the Effective Date, EVERSANA shall have the right to unilaterally increase any then-current transaction or monthly fees for the Services provided under a SOW by [***] percent ([***]%).  2.3Invoices. On a monthly basis, or as may be otherwise set forth in a SOW, EVERSANA shall submit an invoice setting forth the Services performed, time expended and expenses incurred during the applicable period with respect to each active SOW. Client agrees to pay EVERSANA within [***] days of receipt of each monthly invoice, or as otherwise set forth in a SOW, and agrees EVERSANA may charge Client a one-and-one-half percent (1.5%) per month service charge, or the maximum rate allowed by law, whichever is less, on all undisputed invoices that are not paid within [***] days of receipt. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pass through expenses incurred pursuant to a SOW will be billed as incurred. The Fees accrued during the period between the Effective Date and March 31, 2021 shall be deferred (the "Deferred Fees"). Upon the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s approval of an Emergency Use Authorization (“EUA”) for Client’s COVID-19 Product, EVERSANA will invoice Client for the Deferred Fees (the “Initial Invoice”).   2.4Disputed Fees. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Client disputes any charges or amounts on any invoice, and such dispute cannot be resolved promptly through good faith discussions between Client and EVERSANA, then Client will pay the amount of the invoice less the disputed amount, provided that Client shall diligently proceed to work with EVERSANA to resolve any such disputed amount. Any sums withheld pursuant to this paragraph shall not accrue service charges, but if the contested invoice is later determined to be valid in amount, Client shall pay the amount withheld.  2.5Effect of Failure to Pay. In the event that any invoice, other than the amount of any disputed charges or amounts reflected on such invoice, is not timely paid as provided herein, EVERSANA may, in addition to any other right or remedy that it may have under this Agreement or at law, suspend Client’s use of any Services provided hereunder or under any SOW if EVERSANA has not received payment in full within [***] days of EVERSANA’s written demand for payment of the undisputed amount of such invoice.   3.

Heading: TERM AND TERMINATION.
Content: The initial term of this Agreement begins on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of one (1) years (“Initial Term”). After the Initial Term this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive twelve (12) month periods (“Term”) unless this Agreement and/or any SOW hereunder is sooner terminated by either party as provided herein or at least [***] days prior to the end of the then-current renewal period, either partygives the other party written notice of termination. In addition, after the expiration of the Initial Term, Client shall be permitted to terminate this Agreement and/or any SOW upon at least [***] days’ prior written notice of termination to EVERSANA.  3.1Termination for Lack of Approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the FDA does not approve an EUA for the Product by April 30, 2021 or such later date as to which the parties otherwise may agree, either party may terminate the Agreement immediately. In the event of a termination pursuant to this Section 3.1, EVERSANA shall cancel the Initial Invoice and Client shall not be required to pay any of the Deferred Fees.  3.2Change in Law. This Agreement may be terminated by either party giving written notice of termination to the other party if there is any change in the law that makes operation of the Services as contemplated in this Agreement illegal or commercially impractical.  3.3Material Breach. This Agreement may be terminated by the non-breaching party giving written notice of such termination to the other party if the other party breaches a material provision of this Agreement and such breach remains uncured for thirty (30) days.  3.4Insolvency. Immediately upon notification or at any time thereafter, either party may terminate this Agreement in the event that:   (i) the other party shall file any petition under any bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or moratorium laws, or any other law or laws for the relief of or in relation to the relief of debtors;   (ii) there shall be filed against the other party any involuntary petition under any bankruptcy statute or a receiver or trustee shall be appointed to take possession of all or substantial part of the assets of the party which has not been dismissed or terminated within ninety (90) days of the date of such filing or appointment;  (iii) the other party shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or shall become unable or admit in writing its inability to meet its obligations as they mature; or   (iv) the other party shall institute any proceedings for liquidation or the winding up of its business other than for purposes of reorganization, consolidation or merger.   3.5Effect of Termination. Termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason provided herein does not relieve either party from its obligation to perform up to the effective date of such termination or expiration or to perform such obligations as may survive termination or expiration of this Agreement. If payments attributable to Services performed before the termination or expiration remain unpaid upon the termination or expiration of the Agreement, Client shall make such payments promptly after the termination or expiration of this Agreement. In the event of termination, EVERSANA will use reasonable efforts to terminate work being performed by firms outside of EVERSANA (e.g. subcontracted resources) and other related commitments entered into by EVERSANA but Client will be responsible for all costs incurred by EVERSANA from such other firms and such other commitments approved by Client that could not be terminated. Client will be responsible for all EVERSANA time and expenses for Services performed up to date of termination. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement or any SOW, EVERSANA shall provide reasonable transition services, for a period not to exceed [***] days, as requested by the Client to facilitate the orderly transfer of Services to Client or another services provider. EVERSANA shall provide the transition services on a time and materials basis at the rates set forth [***].  3.6Survival. The rights and obligations of the parties under Sections 2, 3.5, 6-9, 12, 14-15, 21-23 and 25 will survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement.    4.

Heading: NON-ASSIGNMENT.
Content: Neither Client nor EVERSANA shall assign this Master Services Agreement or any of their rights and obligations under this Master Services Agreement to another party without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that in the event of a Change in Control (as defined above), either party may assign its rights and obligations hereunder, by no less than thirty (30) days written notice to the other party, to a successor or transferee (whether by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise) of either all orsubstantially all of the assets of such party or any part of the business to which it pertains. This contract will inure for the benefit of and be binding upon Client and EVERSANA and their respective successors and permitted assigns including, without limitation, any acquirer of either Client or EVERSANA.   5.

Heading: FORCE MAJEURE.
Content: Neither party shall be deemed in default in the performance of its obligations under the Agreement to the extent such performance is temporarily prevented or delayed because of war, hostilities, riots, acts of terrorism, civil commotion, epidemic, earthquake, accident, fire, wind, flood, strike or comparablelaborshutdowns outside of the reasonable control of the party, or any other act of God; provided that prompt notice of such Force Majeure shall be given by such party to the other party followed within a reasonable time by written confirmation. In such event, the noticing party shall be temporarily relieved of its obligations during the period of such event to the extent such event prevents its performance. If the Force Majeure event continues for one or more related periods of at least sixty (60) days, the other party shall have the unilateral right to terminate this Agreement by fourteen (14) days prior written notice.   6.

Heading: CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.
Content: As used in this Agreement, the term “Confidential Information” shall mean any and all trade secrets and other confidential information disclosed by a party or its affiliates, agents, employees and representatives (the “Disclosing Party”). “Confidential Information” shall include, without limitation, any information concerning the Disclosing Party’s business plan, processes and methods, product or process specifications and designs, inventions, technical know-how, trade secrets, business and marketing plans, financial information, customer data, research and development activities and other materials or information relating to its business or activities which are not generally known to the public, all confidential information of third-parties in the possession of the Disclosing Party; and all reports, notes, analyses, compilations, studies, summaries, memoranda and other material prepared by or for the Disclosing Party containing, reflecting or based, in whole or in part, on any information included in the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge and agree that information and data gathered by the parties relating to patients, including, without limitation, patient numbers, locations and the manner in which Client identified such patients, shall be Client’s Confidential Information and EVERSANA shall be deemed to be the Receiving Party of such Confidential Information regardless of the party that discloses the Confidential Information hereunder. The term “Confidential Information” shall not include any information that is (i) publicly known or becomes publicly known through no breach of this Agreement by the party receiving or accessing the Confidential Information (the “Receiving Party”) or on the Receiving Party’s behalf, (ii) rightfully received from a third party without an obligation of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party with respect to the information received, or (iii) approved by the Disclosing Party for disclosure.    7.

Heading: NON-DISCLOSURE.
Content: During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of [***] years (or such longer period if required by law) thereafter, the Receiving Party shall keep the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information in the strictest confidence (whether such Confidential Information was disclosed to the Receiving Party before, on or after the Effective Date) and shall not disclose, or permit the disclosure of, any Confidential Information to any third party without the prior consent of the Disclosing Party. The Receiving Party shall not use, or permit the use of, any Confidential Information, without the prior consent of the Disclosing Party, for any purpose other than in connection with the proper performance of the Receiving Party’s obligations under this Agreement. The Receiving Party shall use its best efforts to prevent any inadvertent disclosure or unauthorized reproduction or use of the Confidential Information. The Receiving Party shall protect the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information with no less than the same degree of care as the Receiving Party would protect its own Confidential Information, and in any event, no less than a reasonable degree of care. The Receiving Party shall be liable for breach of its obligations under this Section 7 by its employees and contractors. The Receiving Party will immediately advise the Disclosing Party in writing if the Receiving Party becomes aware of any misappropriation or misuse by any person of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information of the other party to the extent such Confidential Information is required to be disclosed pursuant to a requirement of a Regulatory Authority or law, provided that: (a) the Receiving Party has given the Disclosing Party prior written notice of such disclosure and takes all available steps to maintain the confidentiality of the information disclosed; and (b) to the extent legally permitted, the Disclosing Party has been afforded a reasonableopportunity to contest the necessity and scope of such disclosure. The Receiving Party acknowledges and agrees that the Disclosing Party considers the Confidential Information to be valuable, confidential and a trade secret. Unless otherwise required by law, the Receiving Party shall, at Disclosing Party’s election, destroy (unless prohibited by applicable law) or promptly return to the Disclosing Party, in good order, the originals and all copies of Confidential Information, regardless of the medium in which they are stored, upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement or at any other time upon the reasonable request of the Disclosing Party except for:   a. archival electronic information that is electronically archived in the normal course and not in general use;   b. information which must otherwise be maintained as a requirement of law or regulation; and   c. one (1) copy of the Confidential Information to the extent reasonable to permit the Receiving Party to keep evidence that it has performed its obligations under this Agreement  provided, in each case of clause 7(a) to 7(c), that the confidentiality and non-use restrictions set out in clause 7, shall continue to apply to such Confidential Information, except that the Receiving Party shall not make any further use or disclosure of the Confidential Information.   8.

Heading: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Content: 8.1Client Property.EVERSANA understands and agrees that all rights to the intellectual property, information and materials of Client that are provided in connection with this Agreement, including, without limitation, the Products or Client Confidential Information, are owned solely by Client (“Client Property”). Client hereby grants EVERSANA a non-exclusive, world-wide, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, fully paid up license to use the Client Property for the purpose of performing the Services hereunder or pursuant to any SOW, and only for so long as the Services are being performed by EVERSANA pursuant to the applicable SOW. Neither EVERSANA nor any of EVERSANA’s employees, contractors or agents shall reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any prototypes, software, algorithms, or other tangible or intangible objects which are embodied in Client Property or Client’s Confidential Information and which are made available to EVERSANA and its employees, contractors or agents hereunder. EVERSANA shall not (i) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works based on Client Property, or (ii) use,analyze, transcribe or transmit any Client Property. EVERSANA shall not remove or alter any proprietary rights notices in or on the original Client Property or Client’s Confidential Information. EVERSANA shall immediately notify Client in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of Client Property of which EVERSANA becomes aware and shall indemnify Client for any violations of this Section by EVERSANA or its employees, contractors or agents.  8.2Work Product.EVERSANA will, as an integral part of the performance of the Services, disclose in writing to Client all Work Product. Except as expressly set forth herein, any Exhibit attached hereto, or applicable SOW, EVERSANA agrees that all Work Product shall constitute Client Property and be considered as “works made for hire” under the United States Copyright Laws (17 U.S.C. § 101 et seq., and any amendments) or similar law of any other jurisdiction. To the extent that Client does not own full right, title, and interest in the Work Product under the preceding sentence, EVERSANA hereby irrevocably assigns to Client all of its right, title, and interest in the Work Product, including all copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights (“Intellectual Property”) related to the Work Product. Unless the applicable Exhibit or SOW specifies a different scope of license for particular EVERSANA Property (as defined below) that is provided on a stand-alone basis during the term of this Agreement, EVERSANA hereby grants Client a non-exclusive, world-wide, perpetual, royalty-free, fully paid up license to use, distribute, modify, import, perform, display, reproduce, print, copy and maintain in electronic and hard copy format any EVERSANA Property contained within any Work Product or otherwise provided to Client under this Agreement for Client’s business purposes.  8.3EVERSANA Property. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or any SOW, the following shall not constitute Client Property (i) any EVERSANA proprietary technology existing prior to the Effective Date or that is developed or acquired by EVERSANA independent of the Services performed pursuant to this Agreement, including but not limited to, computer consulting knowledge, techniques, tools, routines and sub-routines, utilities, know-how, portals, methodologies (“EVERSANA Background Technology”) (ii) any updates, modifications, enhancements, or improvements to EVERSANA Background Technology that are developed by EVERSANA in the course of performing the Services (“EVERSANA Improvements” and, collectively with EVERSANA Background Technology, “EVERSANAProperty”), and, as between the parties, all EVERSANA Property shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of EVERSANA, subject to the license under Section 8.2, (iii) software, including but not limited to any proprietary code (source and object), which is subject to third-party license agreements, and (iv) those portions of the Work Product that include information in the public domain or that are generic ideas, concepts, know-how and techniques within the computer design, support and consulting business generally.  8.4Treatment of EVERSANA Property.Neither Client nor any of Client’s employees, contractors or agents shall reverse engineer, disassemble or decompile any prototypes, software, algorithms, or other tangible or intangible objects which are embodied in EVERSANA Property or EVERSANA Confidential Information and which are made available to Client and its employees, contractors or agents hereunder. Except as expressly set forth under Section 8.2, Client shall not (i) modify, translate, or otherwise create derivative works based on EVERSANA Property, or (ii) use,analyze, transcribe or transmit any EVERSANA Property. Client shall not use or disclose any EVERSANA Property either by itself or in coordination with other third parties, to offer or perform services substantially similar to those offered and/or provided by EVERSANA hereunder, or that are competitive, directly or indirectly, to the business of EVERSANA. Client shall not remove or alter any proprietary rights notices in or on the original EVERSANA Property or Confidential Information. Client shall immediately notify EVERSANA in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure of EVERSANA Property of which Client becomes aware and shall indemnify EVERSANA for any violations of this Section by Client or its employees, contractors or agents.  8.5Priority. To the extent any of the provisions in this Section 8 conflict with those in a specific Exhibit hereto, the provisions of that Exhibit shall prevail with respect to the Services described in said Exhibit.    9.

Heading: NON-SOLICITATION.
Content: During the Term of this Agreement and for a period of twelve (12) months thereafter, without the prior written consent of EVERSANA, Client shall not, directly or indirectly, in any manner solicit or induce for employment, or hire or engage the Services of, any employee of EVERSANA or its affiliates who performed any work under this Agreement. A general advertisement or notice of a job listing or opening or other similar general publication of a job search or availability to fill employment positions, including on the internet, shall not be construed as a solicitation or inducement for the purposes of this provision so long as the circumstances indicate that the same was not targeted or directed at EVERSANA employees.  If Client breaches this provision, Client shall pay to EVERSANA a sum equal to one year’s base salary that was payable by EVERSANA to that employee, plus the recruitment costs incurred by EVERSANA in replacing such individual.   10.

Heading: GOVERNING LAW; INTERPRETATION.
Content: This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America.   11.

Heading: NOTICE.
Content: All notices and other communications that may be or are required to be given hereunder shall be in writing and delivered via electronic mail; shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date of delivery; and shall be addressed as follows:  If to EVERSANA: General Counsel EVERSANA Life Science Services, LLC 190 N. Milwaukee Street Milwaukee, WI 53202 E-mail:    Page7of23      If to Client: Chief Executive Officer Humanigen, Inc. 533 Airport Blvd., Suite 400 Burlingame, CA 94010 E-mail:cdurrant@humanigen.com  With a copy, which shall not constitute notice hereunder, to:  Chief Commercial OfficerHumanigen, Inc. 533 Airport Blvd., Suite 400 Burlingame, CA 94010 E-mail:ejordan@humanigen.com  Either party may change its address for purposes of notice pursuant to this Agreement by notifying the other party of such change of address in the manner set forth above, except that notices for changes of address are effective only upon receipt by the other party.   12.

Heading: ATTORNEYS’ FEES.
Content: The prevailing party in any suit, proceeding or other action brought against the other party to enforce the terms of this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder shall be entitled to receive reimbursement of its reasonable costs, expenses and disbursements (including court costs and attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with such enforcement.   13.

