Heading: MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
Content: This Master Service Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of May 31, 2014 (the “Effective Date”) by and between zulily, inc., a Delaware corporation (“zulily”), and IntelliSource, LLC, a Colorado limited liability company (“Provider”). Each of zulily and Provider may be referred to in this Agreement individually as a “Party” and together as the “Parties”. The Parties hereby agree as follows:  1.Services.   1.1 Scope. Provider will provide services (“Services”) to zulily at one or more fulfillment center facilities (a “Facility” and collectively the “Facilities”) located within Ohio in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement as the Parties may agree and specify in one or more Statements of Work in the form attached asExhibit Afor permanently assigned personnel or in the form attached asExhibit Bfor temporary labor used to handle peak volume or seasonal work (each, a “SOW”) executed by both Parties. Each SOW will contain a description and/or specifications of the Services to be performed and other terms and conditions as may be mutually agreed upon by the Parties. Each SOW will constitute a separate contract from any other SOW the Parties may execute. Provider will bill zulily separately for each SOW executed. During the term of this Agreement, if either: [*].    1.2 Management of Facilities. zulily shall own the management and operation of all Facilities. zulily agrees to provide Provider and its personnel with access to the Facilities, equipment and technology to permit Provider and its personnel to provide the Services. zulily agrees that Provider personnel will not be required, without Provider’s written consent which will not be unreasonably withheld, to: drive zulily vehicles; lift over fifty (50) pounds; handle chemicals; handle cash, credit card information or other valuables; operate unguarded machinery or perform any work above floor level, including elevated platforms, scaffolding, manlifts, ladders, etc. It is understood that Provider employees may be required to perform work on or at the mezzanine level.    1.3 Transition of Employees. Any employees hired by Provider to provide the Services (or those employees of Provider who are already providing Services to zulily under a previous agreement between the Parties) may be eligible for full-time employment with zulily, at zulily’s sole discretion and with Provider’s permission, which must be in writing and which will not be unreasonably withheld as long as (i) zulily is not in default under this Agreement or any SOW executed pursuant to this Agreement, (ii) the minimum headcounts and hour volumes identified in the SOW attached asExhibit Ahereto are met, (iii) the tenure requirements in thisSection 1.3are met, and (iv) such hiring is consistent with the provisions ofExhibit Cattached hereto. Provider in its sole discretion may allow zulily to hire a Provider employee without meeting such conditions. Subject to zulily satisfying the foregoing conditions at the time of any hiring ofProvider employees, zulily may begin to transition Provider’s employees to zulily effective June 1,  1

