Heading: MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
Content: This Master Services Agreement (“MSA”) is executed on this [] (hereinafter referred to as “Effective Date”).  By and Between  ABCIndia Private Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at[], hereinafter referred to as “ABC” (which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or contrary to the meaning thereof mean and include its successors and permitted assigns) of theFIRST PART.

Heading: AND
Content: XYZ Limited,a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, [], having its registered office at [], hereinafter referred to as “BSL” (which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or contrary to the meaning thereof mean and include its successors and permitted assigns) of theSECOND PART.  “ABC” and “BSL” hereto shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the “Parties”and individually as a“Party”.

Heading: WHEREAS
Content: ABCisa wholly owned subsidiary ofMQZ Private Limitedwhich is, one of the leading international companies in Information and Communications Technology (ICT). BSL is engaged in the business ofIT resource and staffing company whichhas 18+ years of rich experience with extensive and successful large global program delivery experience. ABCis currently providing IT services and undertaking offshore technical consultancy services toFGPQAutomotive Germany GmbH(“SEG”)and similar other clientson several enterprise level platforms. Based on the representations of the BSL,ABCis keen to engage BSLfor providing Contractual Services(defined below)and BSL has agreed to accept an engagement ofABCon the terms and conditions hereinafter contained. Parties agrees to use this MSA for similar clients to the extentaspossible.  NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein, the Parties agree as follows:

Heading: DEFINITIONS
Content: In thisMSA, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings: “Applicable Data Protection Laws”EU General Data Protection Laws, Information Technology Act, 2000,The Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal Data or Information) Rules 2011or any other statute, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules,determination, judgments, rule of law, orders, decrees, policies, guidelinesto the extent applicable to the Parties of this MSA. “Applicable Laws”means all Indian statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, determination, judgments, rule of law, orders, decrees, policies, guidelines, permits, approvals, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, requirements, or any similar form of decision of, or any provision or condition of any permit, license or other operating authorization issued by any governmental authority having or asserting jurisdiction over the matter or matters in question, whether now or hereafter in effect, to the extent applicable to the Parties to thisMSA.” “Client Contract”means contractual arrangements made byABCwith SEG and such other clients. “Confidential Information” means this MSA and all information obtained by one Party from the other, pursuant to this MSA, which is expressly marked as confidential or which is manifestly confidential or which is confirmed in writing to be confidential within 7 (seven) days of its disclosure, and each Party’s confidential information shall include without limitation all operational, business, commercial and financial information, business or trade secrets, personnel information, its products and/or prospective products, ideas, marketing information, technical and commercial know-how, tools, specifications, inventions, processes and initiatives that have been disclosed to the other Party, or the other Party becomes aware of, in the course of the MSA. “Consultants” means those employees and sub-contractors ofBSLengaged from time to time in providing the Contractual Services and any employees of any such sub-contractors who are soengaged; “Contractual Services” means the services to be provided byBSLpursuant tothe engagement withSEG. “Developed Works”meansany and allworks of authorship and materials developed, written or prepared byBSL, its employees, agents or sub-contractors in the course of providing the Contractual Services (whether individually, collectively or jointly with theABCand on whatever media). “Force Majeure Event” shall mean any unforeseen event which arises after the date of the MSA, which obstructs the MSA, and/or either Party from executing part or all ofthe itsobligations under the MSA, and which by the exercise of reasonable diligence of the said Party is unable to prevent, including without limitation: Acts of God (such as, but not limited to, fires, explosions, storm, earthquakes, drought, tidalwavesand floods), except to the extent that such an act of God is caused, or its effects contributed to, by the Party claiming force majeure, and/or War, hostilities (whether declared or not), invasion, act of public or enemies, mobilization, requisition, or embargoes or other import restrictions, acts of terrorism, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, or military or usurped power, or civil war, and/or contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel, or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel, radio-active toxic explosive, or other hazardous properties of any explosive nuclear assembly or nuclear component of such assembly, and/or Riot, commotion, strikes, go slows, industrial disturbances, sabotage, lock outs or disorder, except where solely restricted to employees of the Party, or breakdown of or injury to any facilities used for production, and/or change in governmental law and/or policies, government prohibitions, lockdown, epidemic, pandemic, strike and/or emergency, and/or cyber-attack, cyber terrorism, and/or malicious damage. “Intellectual Property Rights” means patents, copyright and related rights, trademarks, trade names and domain names, rights in get-up, rights in goodwill or to sue for passing off, rights in designs, rights in computer software, database rights, rights in confidential information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered and including all applications (or rights to apply) for, and renewals or extensions of, such rights and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection which may now or in the future subsist in any part of the world;

Heading: INTERPRETATION
Content: In this MSA: reference to any statute or statutory provision includes a reference to that statute or statutory provision as from time to time amended, extended orre-enacted; words importing the singular include the plural, words importing any gender include every gender and words importing persons include bodies corporate and unincorporate; and (in each case)vice versa; any reference to aParty to this MSA includes a reference to his successors in title and permittedassigns; the headings to theclauses are for ease of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this MSA.

Heading: SCOPE OFMSA
Content: This MSA sets out overall framework for the provision of Contractual Services to be provided by BSL toABCon aback to backarrangementpursuant toClient Contract. The Parties shall, from time to time during the Term of this MSA, enter into individual agreements (“Purchase Order”) to set out the scope of Contractual Services to be performed by BSL under this MSAorClient Contractandconsequent to any instructions given by SEGor any other similar clients.For the purpose of this MSA, SEG and such other clients shall be deemed to be as Principal Contractor. Purchase Ordershall be concludedon the basis ofthe template attached to this MSAas“ScheduleA”. Unless otherwise agreed in writing as a specific variation to this MSA, this MSAshall apply to the provision of all Contractual Services performed by BSL under eachPurchase Order.

Heading: TERM
Content: ThisMSAshall commence with effect from Effective Date and shall continueuntilterminated in accordance with Clause 15(“Term”).

Heading: REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES
Content: Each Party represents that: It has the legal right and authority toenter intothis MSA and is not barred by any agency or under Applicable Laws. All the information and disclosures made in respect to this MSA are true and accurate. It has taken all necessary authorizations and approvals for the purpose of execution of this MSA.  BSLrepresents andwarrants toABCthat: itguarantees the functionality of theDeveloped Workunder thePurchase Order. it has valid licenses, authorizations, permissions, consents, approvals required underApplicableLaws or otherwise and is under no conflicting obligations toenter intothis arrangement and to render theContractualServices and provide the deliverables in accordance with thisMSA. in the event of any defect inDeveloped Work, BSL shall modify theDeveloped Workin accordance terms of thePurchase Orderwithout any additional charge. there are no pending claims, actions,suitsor proceedings against it or affecting any of its assets and there has been no event or occurrence which in each case, might reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations hereunder. BSLand the Consultants will have the necessary skill and expertise to provide theContractual Serviceson the terms set out in thisMSA. the Developed Works will, so far as they do not comprise pre-existing material originating from theABC, its employees, agents, third party or contractors, be original works of authorship and the use or possession thereof by theABCorBSLwill not subject theABCorBSLto any claim for infringement of any proprietary rights of any thirdparty; theContractual Serviceswill be provided in a timely and professional manner with reasonable skill and care and on a best effort basis. It shall, neither by itself nor through any persons employed or acting on its behalf (including employees, directors, agents,Consultants, or approved subcontractors) (i) give, offer, or promise to give, directly or indirectly, or accept, receive or agree to accept or receive anything of value (including, but not limited to, money, services, product samples, commissions, contributions, fees, gifts, bribes, rebates, payoffs, travel expenses, entertainment, influence payments, kickbacks or any other payment), regardless of form, to any person (including the professionals) to secure a business advantage, to obtain or retain business or to direct business to or away from any entity. BSLwill use its reasonable endeavours to achieve the estimated timescales in thePurchase Orderand will conform to the standards generally observed in the industry for similarContractual Services. it owns all Intellectual Property Rights or has the right to use and assign such Intellectual Property Rights in the Developed Works.If BSL recognizes or must recognize that such breach is imminent there is a duty to informABCwithout any delay.In this context,ABCshall be provided with all information concerning the assertion of claims by third parties,in particular concerningthe type and scope of the alleged infringement ofIntellectual PropertyRights. to the extent necessary it shall ensure its employees, subcontractors andConsultants are fully aware of the terms of thisMSAthat relate to them and that they comply with the same. any facts, opinions or property provided byBSLcontained in any Developed Works, is accurate, is not misleading or defamatory, and otherwise complies with allApplicableLaws. in implementingPurchase OrderBSL shall also use technical solutions that are produced on the basis of generally offered network platforms of BSL and third parties.If technical modifications are made to individual features of theDeveloped Workthese changes must also be implemented in thisMSA. BSL shall informABCto the extent technically possible, avoid any disadvantages forABC.The conversion ofDeveloped Workby BSL is generally free of charge forABC. uponABCrequest BSLshall permitABCto subletitsIT Infrastructure even in part or any other transfer of use to third parties. for the purpose of providing Contractual Services, itshalladhere to alltheprovisionsor guidelinesset out in the Client Contract. ABCrepresents to BSL that itshall: ensure that its employees and any sub-contractors co-operate fully and promptly withBSLand the Consultants in relation to the provision of theContractual Servicesand that such employees and any such sub-contractors will be qualified to carry out any tasks which they may beassigned; furnishBSLwith such information and documents as it may reasonably requestedfor the proper performance ofContractualServices; ensure that its employees,subcontractorsand consultants are fully aware of the terms of thisMSAand any related document hereto and comply with the same.

Heading: PERSONNEL
Content: The Parties shall each appoint a representative who shall have full authority to take all necessarybindingdecisions regarding the provision of theContractual Servicesincluding the written variation of thisMSA(“Personnel”)and shall adhere to any confidentiality which may be requiredunder the Client Contract. BSLshall ensure that, while any of the Consultants are onABC’s premises, they will conform to theABC’s normal codes of staff and security practice.

Heading: RIGHTS OF USE TO SOFTWARE PROVIDED BYABC/SEG
Content: ABCon behalf of SEG maygrant BSL the non-exclusive, non-transferable right, limited to the respective location of the IT infrastructure and limited in time to the Term of this MSA, to use the software used by theABCon the IT infrastructure provided or individual elements thereof (this also includes, for example, photographs or trademarks) and the data and content stored by theABCon the IT infrastructure provided as part of the performance of the contractual obligations, in particular to reproduce it. Duplications and the use of copies made may be made primarily for backup and security purposes. To the extent that BSL hosts an Internet website forABCit grants BSL the non-exclusive, non-transferable, worldwide right, limited in time and to Term of this MSA, to transmit the data and content, thewebsiteor individual elements of the website via the BSL communications link to thepublic in such a way that third parties may access them at any time and from any place they choose. BSL shall not be entitled to use the software provided byABCbeyond the use permitted under this MSA or to have it used by other third parties. Furthermore, BSL shall not be entitled to make the software available to third parties or the public beyond the use permitted under this MSA.In particular, BSLshall not be permitted to sell the software or parts thereof or to make them available for a limited period of time, and in particular not to rent or lend them out.

Heading: OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Content: In the absence of any provisions to the contrary in thePurchase Order, BSL irrevocably and unconditionally grants the exclusive, perpetual, worldwide and transferable right to use the Developed Work, without use restrictions, toABCfor the purpose ofClientContract. The right of use shall include, in particular, the right to, load, install, configure, access, execute, display, copy (including for back-up or archival purposes) and save the Developed Work, and to make the Developed Work available for use (also via network,e.g.by providing application services). ABCis entitled to modify the Developed Work, at its own discretion, either itself or via third parties, and to use the modified Developed Work in the same manner as the original Developed Work. ABCis entitled to transfer and/or sublicense rights of use in respect of the Developed Work. The provisions of this Clause shall survive the expiration or termination of thisMSA.

Heading: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INDEMNITY
Content: If athird partyclaims that the Developed Works infringesparty’s Intellectual Property Rights,BSLshall indemnify,defendor hold harmlessABCand its employees, officers, and directors against that claim atBSL’sexpense and pay all costs, damages, and reasonable fees that a court finally awards (or whichBSLin any final settlement). If such a claim is made or appears likely to be made,BSLshall use all reasonable endeavours to enableABCto continue to use the Developed Works, or to modify them, or replace them with non-infringing Developed Works that are at least functionally equivalent.

Heading: CHARGES AND INVOICE
Content: ABCshall payBSLthe charges for theContractual Servicesat such rates or fees as specified in the in thePurchase Order.The charges payable under thisMSAareinclusiveof goods and services tax and any tax, which shall be paid by theABCat the rate and in the manner for the time being prescribed by law. Unless otherwise specified in thePurchase Order,BSLshall render monthly itemised invoices toABCin respect of the said charges andmustprovide a detailed and verifiable description of the Contractual Services performed underPurchase Order.BSL grantsABCa payment term of sixty (60) working days after receipt of the invoice. Except for Force Majeure, if BSL fails to adhere to the timescale prescribed inPurchase Orderfor performing Contractual Services, BSL shall paypenalty toABCfor each week of delay amounting to [] % of the total charges for Contractual Services.If the delay is more than []  weeks,ABCisentitled to forthwith terminate this MSA. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BSL shall still be responsible for penalty set forth in thisMSA orPurchase Order.

Heading: RIGHT TO AUDIT
Content: ABCshall have the right to audit the BSL's compliance with the contractual obligations. BSL agrees and warrants that at the reasonable request ofABCand upon reasonable notice of seven (7) business days, to allow theABCto conduct an audit of the BSL 's processes, systems,infrastructureand facilities that are used to manage theABC’s data. ABCshall have the right to carry out the audit itself and/or select and appoint an externalthird partyauditors.ABCagrees to ensure that, and be responsible for, the members of the third party are bound by reasonable obligations of confidentialityin the event thatthey are required to conduct an audit.

Heading: CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION
Content: Subject to Clause12.2, neither Party shall use or divulge or communicate to any person (other than with the authority of the other Party or to such employees, agents and sub-contractors with a need to know) any Confidential Information of the other Party which may be disclosed or come to that Party’s knowledge in the course of providing theContractual Services. Each Party shall ensure that its employees,agentsand sub-contractors are aware of and comply with the confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions contained in this Clause. Each Party shall be liable to the other for any breach of this Clause by such employees,agentsand sub-contractors. If either Party becomes aware of any breach of confidence by any of its employees,agentsor sub-contractors it shall promptly notify the other Party and give the other Party all reasonable assistance in connection with any proceedings which the other Party may institute against any such persons. Each Party shall be entitled to procure appropriate injunctive remedies and all such legal and contractual remedies in relation to such unauthorised use or disclosure of Confidential Information. The provisions of this Clause shall survive the expiration or termination of thisMSAbut the restrictions contained in sub-clause12.1shall not apply to any Confidential Information which: comes into the public domain otherwise than through unauthorised disclosure by the disclosing party, its employees, agents or sub-contractors; is already known to the disclosing party prior to the commencement of theContractualServices; is independently developed by the disclosingparty; is lawfully acquired from a third party who owes no duty of confidence to the disclosing party; or is required by any court of competent jurisdiction or by a governmental or regulatory authority to be disclosed or where there is a legal right,dutyor requirement to disclose.

Heading: DATA PROTECTIONAND INFORMATION SECURITY
Content: Each Party shall, in its provision or use of theContractual Services, comply with the requirementsApplicable Data Protection Laws. The documents, knowledge and experience provided to the other Party shall be used exclusively for the purposes of this MSA. Furthermore, the Parties agree to maintain confidentiality about the content of this MSA and about the knowledge gained during its execution. BSL shall ensure proper data processing and compliance with technical and organizational data security measures in accordance withApplicable Data Protection Laws. At request ofABC, BSL shall inform BSL in more detail about the measures.

Heading: ASSIGNMENT
Content: Neither Party shall be entitled to assign or sub-contract any of its rights or obligations under thisMSAwithout the consent in writing of the otherParty, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Heading: TERMINATION
Content: Either Partymay terminate thisMSAwithout cause at any time on giving6 calendar monthsprior written notice to the otherParty. ABCshall have right to terminate this MSA orPurchase Orderin the event BSLmateriallybreaches any of its duties and obligations in accordance with this MSA. A remedial notice of fifteen (15) calendar days shall be provided to cure such default,in the event thatthe failure is not cured by theBSLwithin the fifteen (15) calendar days period specified above. ABCshall be entitled to forthwith terminate this MSA or anyPurchase Orderupon occurrence of one or more following events: If any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings are initiated by and/or against the BSL, if a receiver is appointed over any of the BSL’s assets, and/or if BSL unable to pay its debts (if any) as and when they fall due, and/or upon the occurrence of a change of control ofBSL; In the event, any of the representations and warranties made by BSL is incorrect, false, fraudulent, negligent, incomplete or misleading or in any mannerwhatsoever; ifanyClient Contractis terminated in accordancewiththe terms thereof.  ABCshall have the right to terminate this MSA prematurely for good cause shall remain unaffected.

Heading: EFFECT ON TERMINATION
Content: On the expiration or termination of thisMSA: all rights and obligations of the parties under thisMSAshall automatically terminate except for such rights of action as shall have accrued prior thereto and any obligations which expressly or by implication are intended to come into or continue in force on or after such expiration ortermination; BSLshall refund any payments received but not yet earned on the date of termination (if any), including payment for services not rendered, work not performed, or goods not delivered, expenses forwarded, BSL shall store all data to be backed up as part of the data backup forABC.ABCshall inform BSL contact person in writing two working days prior to the collection who the person designated for collection is. On the failure ofABCto collect the data or download the data within the aforesaidperiod, BSL shall destroy the data. The data back of BSL shall end in any case upon the termination or expiration of this MSA. BSLshallpromptly returnanyConfidential Information and/or copied thereof that are in its possessionor destroythe same andbyproviding acertificate of compliance thereof to theABC. each Party will return to the other any property of the other that it then has in its possession or control. Upon written request fromABC,BSLshall assistABCwith a post termination transition of theContractual Services(the “Transition Services”).

Heading: LIABILITY
Content: BSL'sliability, irrespective of the legal grounds, for all claims arising from and in connection with this MSA orPurchase Ordershall be limited as follows: In the event of damage caused by simple negligence, BSL shall be liable per individualPurchase Orderup to an amount of 10% of the respective individually agreed remuneration of the last 12 (twelve) months per event of damage within a 12 (twelve) month period, however, up to a maximum of25% of the individually agreed remuneration of the last 12 (twelve) months and up to a maximum of INR 9 Crore. In the event of gross negligence, BSL shall be liable per individual contract within a 12 (twelve) month period up to an amount of 30% of the remuneration agreed in the individualPurchase Orderfor the last 12 (twelve) months. In case of a contract duration of less than 2 months, the fee actually incurred shall replace the fee for the last 12 months. In the event of a loss occurring within the first 12 (twelve) month period after conclusion of the contract, the charges incurred up to that point shall be extrapolated to 12 (twelve) months. In the event of personal injury caused by ordinary negligence, BSL shall be liable up to a maximum amount of INR 5 Crores per damaging event; in the event of gross negligence, BSL shall be liable without limitation.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, BSL shall be liable for actual amount of damages suffered by theABCin case of: breach of the confidentiality provisions; infringement by BSL of a third party’s IPR; indirect damages, special damages and consequential damages; any other liability that cannot be capped or excluded as a matter of Applicable Laws.

Heading: NOTICES
Content: All notices required or permitted to be given under this MSA shall be in writing and shall be duly given if deliveredby  handor  sent  by pre-paid  registered  post  to  the address of the applicable set  out below,  or to such other address as may  from time  to time be duly notified to  the other  party for  the purpose.  Notices may be duly given by email to the address so specified below, providing that such notice is also sent by hand or pre-paid registered post to the address below on the same day as the email is sent:  If addressed toABC  Name:[]  Designation:[]  Email:[]  If addressed to BSL  Name:[]  Designation:[]  Email:[]

Heading: FORCE MAJEURE
Content: Neither Party shall be liable for any delay or non-performance of obligations under thisMSA, to the extent it can establish that the performance of such obligations is prevented by any Force Majeure Event which arises after the date of theMSA, and which could not be reasonably foreseen at the date of theMSA. If a Party considers that a Force Majeure Event has occurred which has materially affected the performance of its obligations, then it shall forthwith notify the other in writing to that effect giving full details of the circumstances giving rise to the Force Majeure Event, and the causality between the Force Majeure Event and its obligations, no later than seven (7) days from the advent of the purported Force Majeure Event. The affected Party should notify (a) the steps taken to remedy the non-execution of their obligations and to limit the ensuing consequences on the completion of the supplied, (b) the predictable duration of the halt of activity or of its obstruction, (c) the possible effect of this event on the contractual schedule. If anaffectedParty is prevented by Force Majeure from fulfilling its obligations, this shall not be deemed to be a breach of contract, and the periods stipulated in oron the basis ofthe MSA orPurchase Ordershall be reasonably extended in accordance with the duration of the impediment. The same shall apply if BSL is dependent on advance performance by third parties and such advance performance is delayed due to Force Majeure. AffectedParty shall do everything in its power to mitigate the extent of the consequences caused by the Force Majeure. Theaffected Party by theForceMajeure shall immediately notify the otherParty in writing of the beginning and the end of the impediment. As soon as it is established that Force Majeure lasts longer than 6 (six) months each Party is entitled to terminate the MSA orPurchase Orderby giving a written notice of 30 days.

Heading: GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION &DISPUTES
Content: This MSA shall be governed by Indian laws without any reference to its or any other jurisdiction conflict of laws principle. In the event of any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating in any way to this MSA, including without limitation any dispute concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, enforceability or breach of this MSA, the complaining Party shall notify the other Party in writing about the said dispute, controversy, or claim, and within thirty (30) days of such notice, management level representatives of both Parties shall meet at an agreed location to attempt to resolve the dispute in good faith through amicable negotiations. Should the dispute not be resolved within thirty (30) days after such initiation of such negotiations, the complaining Party shall seek remedies exclusively through arbitration whichshall be conducted in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The arbitration shall be conducted by sole arbitrator appointed in terms the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996.While the venue for final hearings of the arbitration proceedings (through virtual or physical mode) can be mutually decided as per the convenience of the arbitral tribunal and Parties, the Parties shall endeavour to undertake all preliminary hearings through virtual mode only.Irrespective of whether it is a virtual or physical hearing, the seat of the arbitration shall be deemed to bePune, Maharashtra. Notwithstanding any dispute or controversy or claim referred under Clause 20.2., BSL shall continue performing Contractual Services during the pendency of the arbitration and shall continue to comply with their obligations under this MSAand/orPurchase Order.

Heading: MISCELLANEOUS
Content: No Relationship:Nothing in this MSA shall create or deem to create any special relationship between the Parties, including without limitation, partnership, agency, employer/employee relationship and joint venture. Neither Party has the authority to, and shall not, act as an agent of the other Party, or represent or bind the other Party in any manner whatsoever. Severability:If any term,provisionor part of this MSA is, becomes, or is held or declared to be, void, voidable, illegal, invalid or unenforceable under the Applicable Laws, such term, provision or part hereof shall be severed, and the remainder of the MSA shall remain in full force and effect.  The Parties shall negotiate in good faithin order toagree the terms of a mutually satisfactory substitution, to the severed term, provision or part of this MSA, which as nearly as possible gives effect to the Parties’ contractual intentions as expressed herein. Survivability: The sections & clauses in relation toconfidentiality,indemnity,liability, representations andwarranties,dispute resolution, dataprotection, and such other clauses which in their nature survive the expiration or termination of this MSA, shall survive expiration or termination of this MSA.  Such provisions shall be binding to each Party, affiliatedcompaniesand their successors.  Both Parties recognize and acknowledge that the breach of such provisions shall cause irreparable injury inadequately compensable in damages andthat accordingly;the other Party may seek injunctive relief against a breach or threatened breach of the provisions contained in each paragraph, in addition to any other legal remedies under this MSA. Further Assurances. Each of the Parties hereto shall from time to time execute and deliver all such further documents and instruments and do all acts and things as the other Party may reasonably require to effectively carry out or better evidence or perfect the full intent and meaning of this MSAorClient Contract. Counterparts.  ThisMSAmay be executed in counterparts, each of which so executed will be deemed to be an original and such counterparts together will constitute one and the same MSA.  Signatures sent by emailed to either Party in a pdf format shall be deemed original signatures under this MSA. Public Announcements/Publicity:ABCand BSL agree to cooperate regarding public relations activities, including public announcements, joint press releases, and other activities to be mutually agreed. Neither Party will perform such activities without the prior written consent of the other Party. Amendments:This MSA may be amended,modifiedor changed (in whole or in part) only upon the due execution of a formal, definitive written agreement mutually by the Parties, whereinthere is express reference made to this MSA and the provision(s) intended to be amended, modified or changed (in whole or in part). Compliance:Each Party will comply with allApplicableLaws in the performance of obligations under this MSA. Each Party shall forthwith notify the other Party in relation to any of its non-compliance under this MSA. Costs & Fees:Subject to any express provisions to the contrary in this MSA, each Party shall pay its own costs/ fees relating to the implementation and enforcement of this MSA. Entire Agreement:This MSA, together with all attachments, schedules, exhibits, and other documents (if any) referenced hereunder, constitutes the entire agreement and final understanding of the Parties, supersedes any previous discussions,understandingsand agreement between the Parties, contains all terms the Parties have agreed to, relating to the subject matter of thisMSAor terms implied by usage.Notwithstanding the aforesaid, this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraud, misrepresentation or estoppel by representation.  IN WITNESS WHEREOFEachParty has executed thisMSAon the dates written below:  Signed by:  _____________________________  Name:  Designation:

Heading: ABC
Content: Signed by:  _______________________________  Name:  Designation:

Heading: BSL
Content: Schedule A (Template for a Purchase Orderunder the MSA for Contractual Services)  Purchase Order  between  ABCIndia Private Limited, a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, having its registered office at [], hereinafter referred to as “ABC” (which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or contrary to the meaning thereof mean and include its successors and permitted assigns) of theFIRST PART.

Heading: AND
Content: XYZ Limited,a company incorporated under the provisions of the Companies Act, [], having its registered office at [], hereinafter referred to as “BSL” (which expression shall unless repugnant to the context or contrary to the meaning thereof mean and include its successors and permitted assigns) of theSECOND PART.  “ABC” and “BSL” hereto shall hereinafter be collectively referred to as the “Parties”and individually as a“Party”.

Heading: WHEREAS
Content: ABCisa wholly owned subsidiary ofMQZ Private Limitedwhich is, one of the leading international companies in Information and Communications Technology (ICT). BSL is engaged in the business ofIT resource and staffing company whichhas 18+ years of rich experience with extensive and successful large global program delivery experience. ABCand BSL concluded a Master ServicesAgreement (hereinafter referred to as "MSA ") on []. Based on the representations of the BSL,ABCis keen to engage BSL in respect ofinforclousuiteservices and BSL has agreed to accept an engagement ofABCon the terms and conditions hereinafter contained.  Now, therefore, the Parties agree as follows:  Scope  TheBSLshall perform the servicesforABCpursuant to SEG Contract as set outinAppendix 1(Service Specification) tothisPurchase Order(hereinafter referred to as the "Contractual Services") forABC.For the purpose of this Purchase Order, SEG shall be deemed to be as Principal Contractor.   Deadlines and dates  The due dates to be met by theBSLand the individual project phases are set out:  in the following milestone plan  Serial no. Description of milestone Work results due Due date for the provision of the milestone              Overall acceptance of the Contractual Services    inAppendix2(Milestones).   Personnel  The coordination of the provision of the Contractual Services and the associated communication shall be organized exclusively via theappointed Personnel.  ABCPersonnel:  Name: E-mail address:  BSLPersonnel:  Name: E-mail address:  Chargesand Invoicing  Charges  The Parties agree on thechargesset out in Appendix3(Charges).  Invoicing  TheBSLshall invoice the remuneration as follows:  monthly in arrears.  after overall acceptance.  following the acceptance of the milestones listed below:   Serial no. Milestone due date Work results Payments               Overall acceptance   TheBSLshall send the invoice to the following address:[]    Data protection  The Contractual Services to be performed by theBSLinclude the collection,processingand use of, or access to, Personal Data by theBSLand thus,mayrequire the conclusion of a data processing agreement.  No.  Yes. The separately signed data processing agreement is attached to this Master Agreementas Appendix4(Data Processing Agreement).  Term  Startdate  ThisPurchase Ordersets forth an agreement between the Parties and commenced on[]  End date  ThisPurchase Order  ends on____________.  ends with the performance and, where applicable, the acceptance of the Contractual Services.  Termination  Either Party may terminate thisPurchase Orderwithout cause at any time on giving 6 calendar months prior written notice to the other Party. ABCshall have right to terminate thisPurchase Orderin the event BSL materially breaches any of its duties and obligations in accordance with this MSAor Purchase Order. A remedial notice of fifteen (15) calendar days shall be provided to cure such default,in the event thatthe failure is not cured by the BSL within the fifteen (15) calendar days period specified above. ABCshall be entitled to forthwith terminate thisPurchase Orderupon occurrence of one or more following events: If any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings are initiated by and/or against the BSL, if a receiver is appointed over any of the BSL’s assets, and/or if BSL unable to pay its debts (if any) as and when they fall due, and/or upon the occurrence of a change of control ofBSL; In the event, any of the representations and warranties made by BSL is incorrect, false, fraudulent, negligent, incomplete or misleading or in any mannerwhatsoever; ifSEG Contractis terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.  Final provisions  Inclusion ofMSA  The provisions ofMSAform an integral part of thisPurchase Order.   Appendices to thisPurchase Order  The following Appendices form an integral part of thisPurchase Order:  Appendix 1: Service specification  Appendix2: Milestones  Appendix3:Charges  Appendix4: Data Processing Agreement    IN WITNESS WHEREOFEach Party has executed this MSA on the dates written below:  Signed by:  _____________________________  Name:  Designation:

Heading: ABC
Content: Signed by:  _______________________________  Name:  Designation:

Heading: BSL
Content: 

